area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Hewg
Smithing Master Hewg is an NPC in Elden Ring . Hewg is an imprisoned Misbegotten blacksmith that can be found at the Roundtable Hold . He will upgrade your Weapons beyond the +3 level, as well as duplicating Ashes of War for a fee, provided you have the proper Materials .
See Smithing Master Hewg Lore
You're a new face. No matter, it's all the same.
Lay out your arms. Let's get smithing.
Smithing Master Hewg can be found at the Roundtable Hold .
When speaking with Smithing Master Hewg , you are presented with the following options:
Strengthen Armament : Access the Smithing screen .
Ashes of War : Access the Ashes of War screen .
Ash of War duplication : Access the Ashes of War Duplication screen .
Sell : Access the selling screen.
Dialogue : Learn about Hewg’s background, which will progress both his and Roderika's questlines.
You're a new face. No matter, it's all the same. Lay out your arms. Let's get smithing. [About the chains on your legs] "I see you've noticed the chains. Nothing special. I'm a prisoner, and these are my chains. I'm trapped by the Hold, undying, smithing for you fools. That's all there is to it". [You're a prisoner?] "Nah, don't read too much into it. I've no grudge against you. My being a prisoner is no fault of yours. Besides, I don't mind smithing. Despite my differences, the weapons get stronger, all the same. Given time, technique never fails. Besides, it helps me forget. The sheer terror of her..."
[About the chains on your legs] "I see you've noticed the chains. Nothing special. I'm a prisoner, and these are my chains. I'm trapped by the Hold, undying, smithing for you fools. That's all there is to it".
"I see you've noticed the chains. Nothing special. I'm a prisoner, and these are my chains. I'm trapped by the Hold, undying, smithing for you fools. That's all there is to it".
[You're a prisoner?] "Nah, don't read too much into it. I've no grudge against you. My being a prisoner is no fault of yours. Besides, I don't mind smithing. Despite my differences, the weapons get stronger, all the same. Given time, technique never fails. Besides, it helps me forget. The sheer terror of her..."
"Nah, don't read too much into it. I've no grudge against you. My being a prisoner is no fault of yours. Besides, I don't mind smithing. Despite my differences, the weapons get stronger, all the same. Given time, technique never fails. Besides, it helps me forget. The sheer terror of her..."
"Your divinity, have mercy, and grant me forgiveness. The road is yet long. A God is not easily felled. But one day, without fail, you will have your wish. So please, grant me forgiveness, Queen Marika..."
While caught praying
"Ah, You, is it? I...didn't notice you there. I'll be doing my job, same as ever. Just lay out your arms". [About the prayer] "Those words were not meant for you. I may be prisoner to you Tarnished lot. But my prayers are mine and mine alone. Well, I've had my say. I'll be more careful, too."
[About the prayer] "Those words were not meant for you. I may be prisoner to you Tarnished lot. But my prayers are mine and mine alone. Well, I've had my say. I'll be more careful, too."
"Those words were not meant for you. I may be prisoner to you Tarnished lot. But my prayers are mine and mine alone. Well, I've had my say. I'll be more careful, too."
§ When asked about Roderika
"The girl you brought here... She's crestfallen, and can scarcely swing a blade, but she has a gift for spirit tuning. I saw another one like her, long ago. Their eyes share the same hue".
After speaking to Roderika
"The girl? What about her?" [Would you watch over Roderika?] "Are you out of your mind? Who'd stay with an ugly brute who only knows how to smith? Absurd. And besides, she'd never agree to it". [It's what she wants] "I refuse to believe it. I don't doubt you, but I know when something's too good to be true".
[Would you watch over Roderika?] "Are you out of your mind? Who'd stay with an ugly brute who only knows how to smith? Absurd. And besides, she'd never agree to it".
"Are you out of your mind? Who'd stay with an ugly brute who only knows how to smith? Absurd. And besides, she'd never agree to it".
[It's what she wants] "I refuse to believe it. I don't doubt you, but I know when something's too good to be true".
"I refuse to believe it. I don't doubt you, but I know when something's too good to be true".
After speaking to Roderika again
I spoke with the girl. She has a gift for spirit tuning. So I told her everything I know. I'm indebted to a spirit tuner I met long ago. It was all I could do to honour her. I'm sorry I doubted you.
After defeating Godrick, The Grafted "Now, look at you. Those eyes tell a story. Of a challenger, who's felled her mark. Fine and well. Now, lay out your arms".
"Now, look at you. Those eyes tell a story. Of a challenger, who's felled her mark. Fine and well. Now, lay out your arms".
Interaction while smithing "Well, where've you been hiding? I took you for dead. No matter. It's all the same. Lay out your arms, then".
"Well, where've you been hiding? I took you for dead. No matter. It's all the same. Lay out your arms, then".
After defeating Godskin Duo "I'll smith... as long as you like" "Now ...lay out your ...arms"
"I'll smith... as long as you like" "Now ...lay out your ...arms"
After arriving in Leyndell "No, no, no, no... I need to do better than this! This'll never kill a god. I can do better than this! It needs to slay a bloody god! Oh, it's you. Don't pay me any mind. It's not important. Just lay out your arms."
"No, no, no, no... I need to do better than this! This'll never kill a god. I can do better than this! It needs to slay a bloody god! Oh, it's you. Don't pay me any mind. It's not important. Just lay out your arms."
About Roderika (after her dialogue about becoming a certified spirit tuner)
The girl has come a long way. As ever, time and technique have made her stronger. Tis good to see. An imprisoned monster does not deserve an apprentice, or a daughter. But at times, that's precisely what she feels like to me. I've gone soft. And it isn't easy.
After refusing Melina's request at the Forge of the Giants
Are you having second thoughts? Might I have a word, then? Your kind are meant to challenge them. To slay them. The demigods. And their god. If you remain loyal to your calling, then no matter what you do, no matter what happens to me, I will never cease to smith your weapons. Until you have one to slay a god.
After the cutscene at the Forge of the Giants
I knew you'd be back. Lay out your arms. Let's get to smithing.
Weren't you listening? As I've always said. You came to challenge the demigods, and their god. To slay them. And as long as you do, I will always smith your weapons. It is what I wish. To smith a weapon for you to slay a god.
I've upset the girl. She says that now my chains are broken, I'm free. That if I stay here, I will be ruined with the Roundtable. What use have I for freedom now? I smith weapons to slay a god. I have lived, and will die, doing so, upon this spot. Is there any other way?
§ About the god-slaying weapon
Use my masterpiece to slay a god. That is all that I have lived for. And my promise to Q-queen Marika. But do me a favor, and do look after the girl.
I can't hold on much longer. I'm going the way of the R-roundtable... It was a great honor to smith your weapons during my time here. Allow me to c-call you this, just once, before it ends. My lord, f-for that is what you are.
§ After completing Crumbling Farum Azula
Who are you? Oh, I must be a blacksmith. Now, let's get smithing...
Could you tell me what happened? Why is the Roundtable burning, in ruins? Why does that girl weep for me? Have I forgotten something of dire importance?
He is a Misbegotten , and he shares many similarities with them. He uses the same model as the Scaly Misbegotten, although his head is altered. This currently makes him the only Misbegotten capable of speaking to the player, not unlike Iji , the only Troll that can speak.
If he is somehow killed in any way, he will drop the same items as the axe-wielding Misbegotten.
His hammer can be found in the real world, inside the Fortified Manor in Leyndell .
Hammer comprised of a large stone affixed to a metal handle. Originally a blacksmith's tool.
The art of smithing is said to have originated among the giants. This weapon's striking attacks boast ample weight behind them.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a winged misbegotten.
A spirit with the aspect of wings which takes flight to loose arrows from its bow. The misbegotten are held to be a punishment for making contact with the Crucible, and from birth they are treated as slaves, or worse .
Smithing stone made polishing a golden Gravel Stone. A scale of the Ancient Dragonlord, and hidden treasure of Farum Azula.
Strengthens armaments to +25.
The Ancient Dragonlord's seat is said to lie beyond time. This stone lightly twists time, allowing the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god.
"Which is why I need your help persuading Master Hewg to leave. His roots are so knotted in this place. He won't last much longer if he stays here... His shackles are broken. He's a free man, now. It's high time he put the Roundtable behind him"
"Ah. So it wasn't just me this happened to... To think he'd forget who you were, as well."
"I'll remain with Hewg. He made me who I am today."
"So slay her, with the weapons he smithed. Slay the god, Marika, who cursed us all."
I'm trapped by the Hold, undying, smithing for you fools. That's all there is to it.
- Smithing Master Hewg
Smithing Master Hewg is a character in ELDEN RING (2022) . He is found at the Roundtable Hold and will bolster armaments in exchange for Runes .
4 Questline Progression
Hewg is a blacksmith with the appearance of a Misbegotten .
Hewg is a prisoner of Roundtable Hold , tasked with smithing weapons for the Tarnished . [ 1 ] His duty, given by Queen Marika the Eternal , is to smith a weapon to kill a god. [ 2 ] [ 3 ] In the past, Hewg was indebted to a spirit tuner, [ 4 ] and when he meets Roderika he recognises that her eyes share the same hue as those of his old acquaintance. [ 5 ] Although reluctant at first, Hewg agrees to take Roderika under his wing at the insistence of the Tarnished .
After the Tarnished sets fire to the Erdtree , the Roundtable Hold also begins to burn. Hewg's chains are broken, yet he insists on remaining in the hold, where he can continue to smith weapons to slay a god, despite Roderika's pleas for him to leave. [ 6 ] As the Roundtable burns, Hewg's mental state appears to deteriorate, causing him to slur his words and, eventually, to forget both Roderika and the Tarnished. [ 7 ] Roderika decides to respect Hewg's decision to stay at the Roundtable, and resolves to remain with him. [ 8 ] Her last request is for the Tarnished to use the weapons Hewg smithed to slay Queen Marika. [ 9 ]
Ash of War Duplication
Once Roderika arrives in Roundtable Hold, speak to Hewg and select the "About Roderika" dialogue option.
Return to Roderika and speak to her to tell her what Hewg said.
Return to Hewg and select "About Roderika" again, followed by "Would you watch over Roderika?" and finally "It's what she wants".
Reload the area and Roderika will be sitting opposite Hewg. She may now be used to perform spirit tuning services.
After burning the Erdtree, return to the Roundtable Hold and select "Let's talk a while". You may then select the dialogue option "Why are you still making weapons?" After talking to Roderika and selecting "About Hewg", return to Hewg and select "What happened to her?"
After defeating the Godskin Duo , return to Roundtable Hold and speak to Hewg and select "About the god-slaying weapon".
After defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade , return to Hewg and select "About yourself".

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Cursemark of Death
Cursemark of Death is a Key Item in Elden Ring . Key Items in Elden Ring include a wide variety of items found in specific locations or are given by a related NPC which are used to unlock areas, quests, and to further progress the game's story.
Cursemark carved into the discarded flesh of Ranni the Witch. Also known as the half-wheel wound of the centipede.
This cursemark was carved at the moment of Death of the first demigod, and should have taken the shape of a circle.
However, two demigods perished at the same time, breaking the cursemark into two half-wheels.
Ranni was the first of the demigods whose flesh perished, while the Prince of Death perished in soul alone.
Found on Ranni's discarded corpse lying at the top of the Divine Tower of Liurnia . [ Map Link ]
The Cursemark of Death must be given to Fia at Deeproot Depths after progressing her questline to the point she departs from the Roundtable Hold , and it is required to fight the Lichdragon Fortissax and obtain the Mending Rune of the Death-Prince .
This mark is similar to the wounds inflicted on the Fingers at the end of Ranni's questline.
Cursemark of Death is a Key Item in Elden Ring .
This item is part of Fia, Deathbed Companion 's questline.
Cursemark carved into the discarded flesh of Ranni the Witch.Also known as the half-wheel wound of the centipede.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Divine Tower of Liurnia)
Area : on the remains of Ranni the Witch 's original body atop of the Tower, alongside the Stargazer Heirloom . This area can only be reached from the Carian Study Hall , after placing the Carian Inverted Statue, received from Ranni in exchange for the Fingerslayer Blade of Nokron, Eternal City , on the altar at the entrance.
Give it to Fia and, after reloading the area, interact with her to enter the Deathbed Dream, where Lichdragon Fortissax can be challenged. After defeating this boss , retrieve the Mending Rune of the Death-Prince from Fia's corpse: you will now be able to attain the Age of the Duskborn ending after defeating the final boss .
It is also called "the stolen hallowbrand, of the exalted noble (貴い方が、奪われた聖痕, tōtoi kata ga, ubawareta seikon ; lit. "the stolen stigma(ta), of the noble one") by Fia.

---

area: Nokron Eternal City
chapter: 8
name: Fingerslayer Blade
Fingerslayer Blade is a Key Item in Elden Ring . The Fingerslayer Blade is required to progress Ranni's questline. Key Items in Elden Ring include a wide variety of items found in specific locations or are given by a related NPCs which are used to unlock areas, quests, and to further progress the game's story.
The hidden treasure of the Eternal City of Nokron; a blade said to have been born of a corpse.
This blood-drenched fetish is proof of the high treason committed by the Eternal City and symbolizes its downfall.
Cannot be wielded by those without a fate, but is said to be able to harm the Greater Will and its vassals.
Found in a chest under the massive skeleton statue in Night's Sacred Ground . [ Map Link ] Video Location
Fingerslayer Blade is used to progress in Ranni's questline. This is the 'Hidden treasure of Nokron' she asks you to find. After giving this item to her, she gives you the Carian Inverted Statue as a reward.
The chest cannot be opened unless you have talked to Ranni and entered her service.
Handing this item to Ranni results in the end of Seluvis's questline. Be sure to obtain the Magic Scorpion Charm from Seluvis before handing this item to Ranni, otherwise the talisman would become unobtainable.
This item bears similarities to two weapons in Elden Ring: It's shape is similar to that of the Black Knife , being that of a curved dagger . The cross guard of the Fingerslayer Blade lines up with two of the three spikes of the Black Knife, but it is missing the Black Knife's additional spike. It shares its double helix blade with the Sacred Relic Sword , which, similarly to this item's description, was fashioned from a corpse. The description of the Sacred Relic Sword states it is considered to be an omen of the end of era and a beginning that might bring ruin or prosperity. Similarly, this item brought about the doom of the society inhabiting the Eternal Cities, as it caused the Greater Will to banish them underground, which made way for the Age of the Golden Order.
It's shape is similar to that of the Black Knife , being that of a curved dagger . The cross guard of the Fingerslayer Blade lines up with two of the three spikes of the Black Knife, but it is missing the Black Knife's additional spike.
It shares its double helix blade with the Sacred Relic Sword , which, similarly to this item's description, was fashioned from a corpse. The description of the Sacred Relic Sword states it is considered to be an omen of the end of era and a beginning that might bring ruin or prosperity. Similarly, this item brought about the doom of the society inhabiting the Eternal Cities, as it caused the Greater Will to banish them underground, which made way for the Age of the Golden Order.
Fingerslayer Blade is a Key Item in Elden Ring .
This item is part of Ranni the Witch 's questline.
The hidden treasure of the Eternal City of Nokron ; a blade said to have been born of a corpse .
This blood-drenched fetish is proof of the high treason committed by the Eternal City and symbolizes its downfall .
Cannot be wielded by those without a fate, but is said to be able to harm the Greater Will and its vassals .
Nokron, Eternal City (Night's Sacred Ground)
Area : inside the treasure chest at the end of the Silver Tear-infested path.
Give it to Ranni to receive the Carian Inverted Statue that opens the path from the Carian Study Hall to the Divine Tower of Liurnia , where Ranni's corpse holding both the Cursemark of Death sought by Fia, Deathbed Companion and the Stargazer Heirloom is found.
The upper section of Nokron can only be reached from a crater near Fort Haight formed after the defeat of Starscourge Radahn .
As the chest can only be opened after selecting Serve Ranni the Witch after talking to her at Ranni's Rise , attempting to interact with it prior to this will prompt the message You are not destined to open this instead.
Blasphemous Blade , a weapon made from corpses
Iji's Mirrorhelm , another instrument of high treason
Miniature Ranni , another key item related to Ranni the Witch
Nox , those who committed high treason
Ringed Finger , another relic of high treason
Sacred Relic Sword , another weapon made from a corpse
Sword of Milos , another weapon made from a corpse

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Coded Sword
Coded Sword is a Straight Sword in Elden Ring . The Coded Sword scales exclusively with Faith and is a potent Weapon for dealing holy damage. It deals pure Holy Damage like the Cipher Pata .
Hidden sword once granted to the Tarnished of the Roundtable by the Two Fingers.
A formless cipher comprises its blade, which deals holy damage no shield can repel.
Champions would gather at the Roundtable Hold in days long past, when the Two Fingers were masters of oration, their flesh yet full of vigor.
The Coded Sword weapon can be found at the following location:
Found in upstairs throne room of Fortified Manor, Leyndell Royal Capital . From Fortified Manor, 1st Floor site of grace, head outside the building, turn right, climb the stable roofs to the right and re-enter the second floor of the Fortified Manor. Head towards the Round Table room, and the Coded Sword is on the throne of the Throne Room southwest of the Round Table. [ Elden Ring Map Link ] Video Location This weapon must be acquired before defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade , as it is not accessible in Leyndell, Ashen Capital .
This weapon must be acquired before defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade , as it is not accessible in Leyndell, Ashen Capital .
Weapon Skill : Unblockable Blade .
Cannot be infused with Ashes of War
Cannot be enchanted with Magic nor boosted with Consumables .
The Coded Sword is resilient to "weapon bounce" commonly experienced by other small armaments when attacking into shields, or certain enemies (eg. Miners ). This allows the weapon to excel with one-handed use in situations where other armaments would demand a two-handed approach. The ability to attack uninterrupted into an enemy's block plays into the weapon's overall "unblockable" theme, with its unblockable weapon skill, and pure Holy damage.
Due to its damage being purely Holy, the Coded Sword benefits greatly from the Sacred Scorpion Charm . It does not deal Standard or Pierce damage in any way despite its ingame description.
The sword's shape, appearance, and purely Holy damage, as well as the effect that it "turns off" when sheathed, might be a reference to the Sunblade, a magical weapon from the Dungeons & Dragons tabletop RPG.
NOTE: As of Patch 1.07 , FP consumption has been reduced from 25 to 18.
NOTE: As of Patch 1.08 , Straight Swords poise damage has been reduced only on PVP .
NOTE: As of Patch 1.09 , the scaling values of this weapon were changed. Please refer to the Upgrades Table of this weapon below. Additionally, the running attack speed, first attack speed and speed of guard counter of straight sword has increased. The attack recovery time has also decreased.
NOTE: Patch 1.13 Increased poise damage of dual wield attacks of all Straight Swords (in PVP)
Other notes and player tips go here
Golden Sword Sage Written Guide
Straight Swords Showcase
ER Shadow of the Erdtree Dragon Priestess Build Written Guide
Patch 1.10 adjusted PVP Poise Damage of all Weapons including some Spells and Incantations . Please take note that these adjustments are exclusive to PVP .
1H R1 (1/2/3/4/5 Attacks): 5/5/5/5/10
1H R2 (1/2 Attacks): 10/10
1H Charged R2 (1/2 Attacks): 30/30
2H R1 (1/2/3/4/5 Attacks): 6.5/6.5/6.5/6.5/13
2H R2 (1/2 Attacks): 11/11
2H Charged R2 (1/2 Attacks): 33/33
Please see the Upgrades page to understand the weapon bolstering process.
Requires regular reinforcement with Somber Smithing Stones .
Coded Sword is a straight sword in ELDEN RING (2022) .
4 Upgrade Information
Hidden sword once granted to the Tarnished of the Roundtable by the Two Fingers . A formless cipher comprises its blade, which deals holy damage no shield can repel.
Champions would gather at the Roundtable Hold in days long past, when the Two Fingers were masters of oration, their flesh yet full of vigor .
かつて 二本指 が、 円卓 の 褪せ人 に贈った秘剣 実体のない秘文字の連なりを刃とし 聖属性の攻撃力を持ち、盾に弾かれない
The Coded Sword can be found on the upper floor of the Fortified Manor in Leyndell, Royal Capital , in the room that mirrors the one that the Two Fingers of the Roundtable Hold can be found it. This weapon cannot be acquired once the Tarnished has defeated Maliketh .
As the name suggest, the skill, Unblockable Blade , will pierce through all the damage negation from a blocking shield or weapon. It also has a very wide reach since it's a sweeping attack and deals Stance damage on par with a Straight Sword's charged heavy attack, meaning it can break the Stance of most enemies within 2 hits and most bosses within 3 or 4 hits.
Unlike all other weapons, this weapon doesn't bounce away from any shield when wielded one-handed, not even when hitting the Ant's Skull Plate or sturdy enemies such as Miners . Since this weapon has no Physical damage and instead is fully elemental, and its skill fully ignores all the damage negation of a block, it's not very wise to try to block it.
Since this weapon has no Physical damage and instead is fully elemental, and its skill fully ignores all the damage negation of a block, it's not very wise to try to block it.
Since this weapon deals pure Holy damage it benefits fully from Holy-Shrouding Cracked Tear but is also heavily weakened if the fought enemy has high Holy Damage Negation, something that becomes increasingly common among Bosses after entering Leyndell, Royal Capital , with most of them having 40% Holy damage negation and 3 (technically 2) late-game bosses having 80% Holy damage negation.
Upgraded with Somber Smithing Stones .
Cannot have its Affinity and Skill changed.
The upper number in the Atk column denotes Physical base damage while the lower, colored number in the Atk column denotes elemental base damage: red for Fire damage, yellow for Lightning damage, orange for Holy damage, and cyan for Magic damage.
See the Weapon Scaling page for what the scaling values mean.
This weapon makes a unique, high-pitched swishing sound when swing. This trait is shared with the Cipher Pata , another cipher-like weapon associated with the Two Fingers .
Patch 1.07 reduced FP consumption, increased motion speed. Applies to the skill. FP cost was reduced from 25 to 18.
Applies to the skill. FP cost was reduced from 25 to 18.
Patch 1.04 increased cast speed with the weapon Coded Sword. Applies to the skill.
Applies to the skill.
Sword of Night , a weapon made from darkness

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: St. Trina
Miquella, also known as Miquella the Kind or Kindly Miquella , is a background character in Elden Ring and a central character in Shadow of the Erdtree . One of the Empyrean children born from the union of Queen Marika and Radagon , he is the twin brother of Malenia , together known as the Twin Prodigies. It is revealed that Miquella has stripped himself of his flesh and Empyrean lineage in the Land of Shadow , a place obscured by the Erdtree and purged in an unsung war.
My brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god - he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all." - Malenia
Miquella the Kind...is a monster. Pure and radiant, he wields love to shrive clean the hearts of men. There is nothing more terrifying." - Sir Ansbach
Miquella is cursed to be perpetually young. He is said to be well loved as a demigod and has the ability to compel affection from others (see Bewitching Branch ). This is why Malenia considers him the most fearsome Empyrean.
Miquella and Malenia were very close, with her becoming his sworn blade and protector. Like his half-sister Ranni , Miquella would be chosen by the Two Fingers as a potential successor to Queen Marika. Originally a fundamentalist, as well as possessing genius intellect, he would develop incantations for his father (see Discus of Light and Triple Rings of Light ) and peculiarities such as the Pulley Bow . However, he would become disillusioned with the Golden Order after it was unable to cure Malenia from her Scarlet Rot (see Radagon's Rings of Light ), nor grant his half-brother Godwyn a true death (see Golden Epitaph ). This compelled him towards a different path, one of Unalloyed Gold (see Miquella's Needle ) that would accept all who had been discarded by the Golden Order.
Miquella is described as benevolent, kind of heart, and envisioned a world where all would be accepted (see Light of Miquella ). However, in the base game it is heavily hinted that Miquella used others for his own ends, which is later confirmed during the events in the Shadow of the Erdtree expansion.
Miquella created the Haligtree to allow himself to grow into a god and to provide shelter to those without grace, such as the Albinaurics , an oppressed race of artificial beings who sees the Haligtree as their chosen land. Before he could grow the Haligtree to its full potential, Miquella was stolen by his half-brother, Mohg, Lord of Blood , in his cocoon form, and taken to Mohgwyn Palace . Mohg wished to have Miquella elevated to godhood with himself as Miquella's consort through the Formless Mother, however, Mohg's advances were not reciprocated (see Remembrance of the Blood Lord ).
(SHADOW OF THE ERDTREE SPOILERS BELOW)
It is later revealed in Shadow of the Erdtree by Sir Ansbach , one of Mohg's former disciples, that Mohg was enchanted by Miquella, and that Mohg was used by Miquella merely as a means to gain entry to the Land of Shadow. Mohg's corpse would later be defiled and repurposed as a vessel for the soul of Miquella's promised consort.
As if using Lord Mohg to gain entrance to the land of shadow were not enough, he plans to use his corpse as the vessel of his king consort. He has forsaken Lord Mohg's soul. He desires only his empty shell. It beggars belief, but… I'm afraid Tender Miquella fails to grasp the humiliation implied by this act. One thing is certain. My dear lord deserved better." - Sir Ansbach
Miquella is said to be waiting for his promised lord in the Land of Shadow. There, he has abandoned his flesh (see Miquella's Cross ), his love (see St. Trina ), as well as his own Empyrean lineage - a lineage secured by Marika through what appears to be a great war and a massacre carried out by Messmer the Impaler .
No matter our efforts if the roots are rotten, then we have little recourse. Ever-young Miquella saw things for what they were. He knew that his bloodline was tainted. His roots mired in madness. A tragedy if ever there was one. That he would feel compelled to renounce everything. When the blame lay squarely with the mother." - Count Ymir
It is revealed in Shadow of the Erdtree that Miquella seeks entry to the Tower of Shadow (the true form is Enir-Ilim ). There he wishes to ascend to godhood through the Gate of Divinity, which Queen Marika once used to ascend, and bring forth the Age of Compassion (see Circlet of Light and Miquella's Great Rune ). He dispossesses himself of his flesh to prepare for his ascension, but in doing so, loses himself and what he once was. Mohg's corpse is then used as a vessel for his half-brother Radahn . Miquella admired Radahn's qualities, which contrast that of his afflicted self (see Remembrance of a God and a Lord ).
In the endgame flashback cutscene, it is revealed that Miquella had long planned his ascension and made a promise with Radahn to be his consort. It is also revealed that Malenia knew of their promise (see Young Lion's Armor ) and reminded Radahn of it during their battle in Caelid . Though following this revelation, it is unclear why Malenia went into conflict with Radahn and unleashed her scarlet rot in the first place. One possible explanation is that the promise was not mutual, and Malenia sought to coerce Radahn into agreement. This is possibly supported by the fact that those with strength, such as the Tarnished, seem particularly resistant to Miquella's charm ( Leda comments on this after aiding her twice, mentioning that the Tarnished is seemingly identical before and after Miquella's rune was broken). However, Miquella mentions a vow independent of his promise with Radahn, suggesting that the two may have entered a mutual contract of some kind before the promise was made that Radahn was expected to uphold.
Lord brother. I'm going to be a god. If we honour our part of the vow, promise me you'll be my consort. I'll make the world a gentler place." - Miquella
Miquella's Needle can be used to purge the influences of an outer god, particularly the influence of the Frenzied Flame in Placidusax's arena.
The promotional material for Shadow of the Erdtree shows Miquella riding the spectral steed Torrent in the Realm of Shadow, though this isn't elaborated on nor shown ingame.
There are some incantations attributed to Miquella and his followers.
The state of Miquella's physical body in the Lands Between can be seen in the cocoon in Mohgwyn Palace. The physical body looks thin with misshapen skin. This, however, is not reflective of Miquella's true state, which is revealed in the DLC's endgame boss . A ghost in the Consecrated Snowfield also says that Mohg stole the precious "flesh" (but not the soul) of Miquella.
The dialogue by one of the phantoms in Stone Coffin Fissure hints that Miquella would've been an imperfect god and that his Age of Compassion wasn't what he envisioned: "Kindly Miquella... I see you've thrown away... Something you should not have. Under any circumstances. How will you salvation offer...to those who cannot be saved? When you could not even save your other self?"
Miquella's voice actor, Naomi Mc Donald, also provides voices for Dyna the Crow , Stone Trader Chloanne , and the Milfanito from Dark Souls II .
There is a cut ending found in the SOTE game files associated with Miquella's Age of Compassion, where Miquella says at some point during the finale, "I hereby swear... To every living being, and every living soul... Now comes the age of our eden... A thousand year voyage guided by compassion... Beginning here, love encompasses all... No living thing will be denied, no deed censured... If you have known sin, if you grieve for this world, I am ready. To embrace the whole of it..." (reminiscent of Ranni's speech) . This cut ending contains fully voice acted dialogue, as well as various unused animations. Additionally, Miquella says to the Tarnished, “ If thou covetest the throne, impress my vision upon thine heart. In the new world of thy making, all things will flourish, whether graceful, or malign ”. Based on the placement of the dialogue in the text data dump, this was originally going to be Elden Ring's 7th ending , available after beating the base game final boss.
Cut NPC dialogue confirmed that Miquella is St. Trina before the dlc. "Finally, I have found it.... St. Trina's, no, Lord Miquella's cadaver... I have partaken of untold secrets... Such that I may aid you, O Lord... So please, I hope you welcome your humble servant Rhico... Into your dream, the world of your heart.... Indeed, I beg you grant my wish, that when you transcend from empyrean to God, allow me a place by your side..." - Rhico, cut NPC.
Miquella has a cut monologue relating to the Haligtree, “Young seedling, young seedling. Return to the bosom of earth. But remember well, Thou’rt mine. So shall I give of myself. This is for thee. Mine abundance, my drop of dew. Quench thy thirst, throughout thy frame. Blossom and burgeon, time and again. Grow larger, stronger. Until the day cometh. When thou canst share in my dream.”
Cut armament shows that Miquella's Great Rune was originally supposed to be the Rune of Abundance. "Twinblade that contains the power of the Rune of Abundance. The holy power within the blade can call upon part of Miquella's own strength" - Abundance Twinblade
A cut quest shows that Miquella, under the guise of St. Trina, used to sing a lullaby to soothe the Frenzied Flame affliction of the Red Eyed Merchants, helping them to retain their personhood and prevent them from falling into madness .
The full text datadump for both the base game and DLC can be found on Git Hub - "The Carian Archive". Translator's note : the Japanese language has several first-person pronouns depending on the speaker's age, status, and gender, unlike the English "I" which is multipurpose. This is useful to determine the speaker, as the Japanese 僕 ("boku") is predominantly used by young males/boys and is only found in dialogue spoken by Miquella.
Remembrance of Malenia, Goddess of Rot, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Miquella and Malenia are both the children of a single god. As such they are both Empyreans, but suffered afflictions from birth. One was cursed with eternal childhood, and the other harbored rot within.
A delicate water lily of unalloyed gold that has started to fade and wilt. Material used for crafting items. Exeedingly rare to find.
A flower signifying faith in the Haligtree. Thought to be beloved by the Empyrean Miquella in his youth.
An arcane butterfly with translucent wings. Material used for crafting items. Exceedingly rare to find.
This butterfly appears as if it's just emerged from its cocoon for its entire life.
A sword made to commemorate the death of Godwyn the Golden, first of the demigods to die.
Infused with the humble prayer of a young boy; "O brother, lord brother, please die a true death."
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists. A gift of gratitude to the young Miquella from his father, Radagon.
Produces a golden ring of light and fires it across a wide area. Charging enhances range.
And yet, the young Miquella abandoned fundamentalism, for it could do nothing to treat Malenia's accursed rot. This was the beginning of unalloyed gold.
Tree branch blessed with an incantation of unalloyed gold. Craftable item.
Pierce a foe, using FP to turn them into a temporary ally.
The Empyrean Miquella is loved by many people. Indeed, he has learned very well how to compel such affection.
Silver sword carried by clerics of St. Trina. Inflicts sleep ailment upon foes.
St. Trina is an enigmatic figure. Some say she is a comely young girl, others are sure he is a boy. The only certainty is that their appearance was as sudden as their disappearance.
Armor worn by soldiers sworn to the Haligtree.
The surcoat bears the crest of the Haligtree. Though watered with Miquella's own blood since it was a sapling, the Haligtree ultimately failed to grow into an Erdtree.
Remembrance of Mohg, Lord of Blood, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Wishing to raise Miquella to full godhood, Mohg wished to be his consort, taking the role of monarch. But no matter how much of his bloody bedchamber he tried to share, he received no response from the young Empyrean.
Winged helm made of unalloyed gold. Worn by Malenia, Blade of Miquella.
Malenia awaited Miquella at the foot of the husk.
“My brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god – he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all.”
One of the unalloyed gold needles that Miquella crafted to ward away the meddling of outer gods.
Capable of subduing the flame of frenzy if inherited, allowing one to cheat fate and avoid becoming Lord of Frenzied Flame.
However, the needle is as yet unfinished and can only be used in the heart of the storm beyond time said to be found in Farum Azula.
A Great Rune relinquished by Miquella. Broken and bereft of its bounty, it retains naught but the power to resist charms.
Miquella set off for the tower enshrouded by shadow, abandoning everything—his golden flesh, his blinding strength, even his fate. All in an effort to bury the original sin. To embrace the whole of it, and be reborn as a new god.
Remembrance of Radahn, consort of Miquella, hewn into the Scadutree.
In their childhood, Miquella saw in Radahn a lord. His strength, and his kindness, that stood in stark contrast with their afflicted selves.
And so Miquella made his heartfelt wish. That Radahn would one day be his king consort.
The circlet of light which adorned Miquella's head as he returned in divine aspect. It has begun to fade into nothingness.
Slightly boosts intelligence, faith, and arcane, while also boosting the power of Miquella's light.
This circle was to be the very foundation upon which Miquella's age of compassion would be built, should it have ever come to pass.
The strength of Miquella upon his deific return, wielded as an incantation.
Annihilates foes with a pillar of light.
Miquella sought to accept all that was and would be, but found one that refused to be embraced.
No wonder, as one god, and one king consort, is all the world needs.
- Sword of St. Trina
St. Trina is an NPC in Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree .
3 Notes 3.1 Cut Content
St. Trina is an enigmatic and fleeting individual who is said to appear in dreams. [ 1 ] While they are generally thought to be a young girl or boy, St. Trina is sometimes depicted in an adult form that is said to be unnerving to look at. [ 2 ]
Trina has attracted a following of priests rumored to use sleep-inducing arrows for ritual purposes. [ 3 ] A man was once so utterly captivated by St. Trina that he was said to have searched for her in his sleep. This obsession led to the creation of numerous remedies for invoking dreams. [ 4 ]
Trina's Lily is seen as a symbol of faith in the saint, and it is used to dull the senses and prevent agitation. [ 5 ]
St. Trina is the other half of Miquella discarded along his path through the Land of Shadow . [ 6 ] She lies at the bottom of the Stone Coffin Fissure , within the Garden of Deep Purple . Despite her abandonment, Trina's love for Miquella remained boundless. [ 7 ] For this reason, she wished for Miquella to be killed [ 8 ] , for she knew that his godhood would be his prison. [ 9 ]
St. Trina appears as a slumbering child with flowing violet hair swaddled within the nurturing petals of a motherly purple flower. Drinking its nectar will surely bring eternal sleep.
Dolores the Sleeping Arrow utilises St. Trina's Arrows in combat, possibly suggesting that she is one of his followers.
The Putrescent Knight became devoted to St. Trina after imbibing her nectar. [ 10 ]
Prior to the release of Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree there were several hints that Miquella and St. Trina were closely related: Both St. Trina and Miquella are typically characterised as children and are both associated with water lilies. Fevor's cookbooks were made by a devout of St. Trina, containing crafting recipes related to her powers of slumber. One of them contains the recipe for the Bewitching Branch , an item originating from Miquella, blessed with an incantation of Unalloyed Gold. The area in Altus Plateau where the Amber Starlight is found is internally referred to as "St. Trina's Hideaway", and it has a statue of Miquella and his twin, Malenia. The Albinauric archers in the Consecrated Snowfield, who guard the approach to Miquella's Haligtree , drop St. Trina's Arrows, and have lily motifs on their armor. The Cleanrot Knights, who serve Malenia, Blade of Miquella , have a chance to drop both Miquella's Lily and Trina's Lily .
Both St. Trina and Miquella are typically characterised as children and are both associated with water lilies.
Fevor's cookbooks were made by a devout of St. Trina, containing crafting recipes related to her powers of slumber. One of them contains the recipe for the Bewitching Branch , an item originating from Miquella, blessed with an incantation of Unalloyed Gold.
The area in Altus Plateau where the Amber Starlight is found is internally referred to as "St. Trina's Hideaway", and it has a statue of Miquella and his twin, Malenia.
The Albinauric archers in the Consecrated Snowfield, who guard the approach to Miquella's Haligtree , drop St. Trina's Arrows, and have lily motifs on their armor.
The Cleanrot Knights, who serve Malenia, Blade of Miquella , have a chance to drop both Miquella's Lily and Trina's Lily .
Several forms of cut content for St. Trina exist revolving around the removed dreambrew mechanic and collection of slumber fog with a tool referred to as St Trina's Crystal Ball . In one version, Trina is referred to as St. Trina of the Cradlesong and is implied to have granted succour to frenzied merchants by singing a lullaby to help them sleep. [ 11 ] In another version, there is a cut NPC called Rhico gives a quest to create Dreambrew, and after finding his way to Mohgwyn Palace and Miquella's cocoon, his dialogue explicitly reveals St. Trina was to be the same as Miquella .
In one version, Trina is referred to as St. Trina of the Cradlesong and is implied to have granted succour to frenzied merchants by singing a lullaby to help them sleep. [ 11 ]
In another version, there is a cut NPC called Rhico gives a quest to create Dreambrew, and after finding his way to Mohgwyn Palace and Miquella's cocoon, his dialogue explicitly reveals St. Trina was to be the same as Miquella .
St. Trina cast aside
St. Trina's corpse after Miquella's death

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Crucible
The Crucible is an object of worship that existed long ago in Elden Ring . Described as the nature of life itself, there were many in Lands Between that were impacted by the Crucible's influence, including the Crucible Knights and lowly Misbegotten . Eventually faith faded for the Crucible with the rise of the Erdtree and the Golden Order. For Aspect of the Crucible spells, see Erdtree Incantations .
The primordial crucible, where all life was once blended together."
The Crucible was the primordial form of the Erdtree, existing long ago and fervently worshiped by the hornsent of Belurat Tower . Its hue resembled gold with a red tinge, and was said to be the color of homeward yearning. The Crucible, from which life took many shapes, was seen as sacred to the hornsent and the source of the horns that made them a distinct culture. The Crucible was also responsible for a number of other evolutionary traits, including feathers, boney knots, and scales. The hornsent believed that the evolutionary spiral was a normalized Crucible current that, one day, would form a column that stretches to the gods . Tangled horns are a symbol of spirituality, but most young hornsent born bearing the oversized horns meet a frightfully early demise. Because of the hornsent, the vitality of the Crucible flourished in the land that would come to be shrouded in shadow. Remains of the Crucible's influence can be seen in the Ancient Ruins of Rauh . Traits of the Crucible were considered a signifier of the divine in these ancient times, but would become increasingly disdained as an impurity as civilization has advanced. The Golden Order, helmed by Queen Marika , would scatter all trace of the Crucible's existence after coming into power.
Queen Marika, who harbored no love for the hornsent, ordered a vengeful crusade against them led by her son Messmer . At an indeterminate point, she likely utilized the Crucible that they worshiped in the creation of the Erdtree , which would become the object of the dominant faith in the Lands Between. After establishing her rule, it was clear that those affiliated with the Crucible had no place in the Golden Order. The hornsent were sealed away by Marika along with her son's forces, and the order of Crucible Knights that served Lord Godfrey were seemingly discharged and went their separate ways. Devonia , the longest serving Crucible Knight, quested in search of the Crucible's origin, and departed from the lands of the Erdtree alone. Others seemingly touched by the Crucible, such as Omen or the Misbegotten , are held to be a punishment for making contact with it, and from birth they are treated as slaves, or worse.
The affliction that the omen suffer from extends beyond the influence of the Crucible. The blood of omens is said to be cursed and they are born without the gift of grace. Their most distinctive feature are the horns growing all over their bodies, though a select few have a tail or wings, also traits of the Crucible. Some omen babies have all their horns excised after birth, causing most to perish from the procedure. Special bairns are made to memorialize them. Omen babies that are born of royalty do not have their horns excised, but instead are kept underground, unbeknownst to anyone, imprisoned for eternity. This would be the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds beneath Leyndell, Royal Capital , where they would never again see the light of day. Though they were Queen Marika's children, the omen twins Margit and Mohg were imprisoned here, shackled under the strictest confinement. Unique to the omen are nightmares featuring evil spirits that smirk at them in gleeful anticipation. Omenkillers, butchers of twisted conscience, wear a mask with this depiction, and hunt down the omen to forge weapons from their amputated horns. The first of the omenkillers was Rollo , a perfumer of antiquity. The origin of the omen curse is unknown, but it has become the mad obsession of the loathesome Dung Eater . Through sadistic ritual, the Dung Eater defiles the corpses of his victims and curses them forever, preventing them from returning to the Ertree. He desperately hopes to create a new order through a twisted malison, and to inflict the Lands Between with a Fell Curse .
Metal greatshield coated with gold. Carried by knights loyal to Godrick.
The red tinge in the gold coat mirrors the primordial matter that became the Erdtree. The color of homeward yearning.
A vividly-colored accoutrement precious to the ancestral followers.
Raises immunity, robustness, and focus.
Said to be a budding horn. The ancestral followers believed that the horns of a long-lived beast continue to bud like antlers, over and over again, until the beast one day becomes an ancestral spirit.
A talisman fashioned from a bony knot that embodies that aspects of various creatures. Said to have grown on the human body long ago.
Reduces damage and impact of headshots taken.
A vestige of the crucible of primordial life. Born partially of devolution, it was considered a signifier of the divine in ancient times, but is now increasingly disdained as an impurity as civilization has advanced.
A rarely-seen specimen of beast fang. Material used for crafting items.
Found by hunting carnivorous beasts. These multiple, overlapping fangs grow from a single root. Perhaps they're a vestige of the primordial crucible.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a winged misbegotten.
A spirit with the aspect of wings which takes flight to loose arrows from its bow. The misbegotten are held to be a punishment for making contact with the Crucible, and from birth they are treated as slaves, or worse.
One of the ancient Erdtree incantations.
Creates a mighty horn on the caster's shoulder to gore foes from a low stance. Charging allows the caster to barrel into foes before delivering the final attack.
This is a manifestation of the Erdtree's primal vital energies - an aspect of the primordial crucible, where all life was once blended together.
Helm of the Crucible Knights who served Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
The axe ornamentation is the knight Ordovis's mark, displayed also by his men.
Holds the power of the crucible of life, the primordial form of the Erdtree. Strengthens Aspects of the Crucible incantations.
The great tree ornamentation is the knight Siluria's mark, displayed also by her men.
Helm worn by Devonia, longest-serving of the Crucible Knights.
It is said Devonia quested in search of the Crucible's origin, and departed from the lands of the Erdtree alone.
Siluria's Tree, weapon of one of the two honored as foremost among the Crucible Knights. The primordial form of the Erdtree is close in nature to life itself, and this spear, modeled on its crucible, is imbued with ancient holy essence.
A talisman fashioned from thin feathers that embody the aspects of various creatures. Said to have grown on the human body long ago.
Improves backsteps but increases damage taken at all times.
Hornsent view the Crucible as sacred for the refinement wrought through its evolutionary gifts. Most prominently, their tangled horns.
A giant mass of intermingling Crucible attributes. Reduces damage taken from critical hits and head shots and improves the effectiveness of rolling and backstepping, but also increases damage taken at all times.
Rumored to have sprouted upon giants and is known as the "mother of Crucibles" in ancient tower lore.
Aspect of the Crucible that manifested in golden hippopotami.
Creates a bristling mass of thorn-like fur on the caster's back before scouring the area by rolling around on the ground. Charging increases number of rolls and range of attack.
In an age long past, before this land was enshrouded in shadow, the vitality of the Crucible flourished. Remains of this can be seen in the ancient ruins.
Superior sorcery of the tower priests, wielded as an incantation of the spiral.
Wrap one's arms together and hold them up to the heavens to summon a spiral of light that erupts at the enemy's feet. Column of light persists for as long as the button is pressed.
The spiral is a normalized Crucible current that, one day, will form a column that stretches to the gods.
A technique of the divine bird warriors, the very first of all horned warriors, wielded as an incantation.
Spread the arms wide like wings to release a flurry of feathers. This incantation can be cast while in motion. Hold to continue releasing feathers.
The divine bird warriors, and indeed this technique, are said to bear resemblance to the golden Crucible.
The primordial form of the Erdtree is close in nature to life itself, and this spear , modeled on its crucible, is imbued with ancient holy essence.
The Crucible , [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] also known as the golden Crucible , [ 3 ] the primordial crucible , [ 4 ] or the crucible of life , [ 2 ] was a primordial matter that formed into the Erdtree . [ 2 ] All life was once held together within the Crucible. [ 4 ]
1 Overview 1.1 Aspects of the Crucible 1.1.1 List of aspects
1.1 Aspects of the Crucible 1.1.1 List of aspects
1.1.1 List of aspects
The primordial Crucible was the divine essence that became the Erdtree and the place where all life energy was once blended together. [ 2 ] [ 4 ] [ 8 ] It was said to be close in nature to life itself, [ 9 ] [ 10 ] and was represented by gold with a reddish tint— primordial gold , the color of homeward yearning. [ 11 ] The power of the Crucible was also held in the armor of the Crucible Knights , [ 12 ] and channeled by their weapons. [ 9 ]
The aspects of various creatures grew on the bodies of humans and giants long ago, such as feathers, scales, and knots. Now considered vestiges of the Crucible, their presence was considered the mark of divinity in ancient times. [ 13 ] Of the Crucible's gifts, [ 5 ] the hornsent considered the tangled horn to be the most significant sign of primacy. [ 14 ] As society advanced, they were increasingly disdained as an impurity. [ 15 ] Budding horns and overlapping fangs that grew on herbivorous and carnivorous beasts were held in the same regard. [ 16 ] [ 17 ]
Ash of War: Aspects of the Crucible: Wings
Aspects of the Crucible: Bloom
Aspects of the Crucible: Breath
Aspects of the Crucible: Horns
Aspects of the Crucible: Tail
Aspects of the Crucible: Thorns
Divine Bird Feathers [ 3 ]
Ancient legends from the tower of Enir-Ilim claim that the "mother of all Crucibles" first appeared among the giants . [ 6 ]
The chimeric Misbegotten were believed to be a punishment for making contact with the Crucible. [ 7 ]
Crucible Knight Devonia uncovered lost Aspects of the Crucible in the Ancient Ruins of Rauh . [ 18 ] They journeyed to the realm of shadow in search of the Crucible's origin. [ 19 ]
Devonia calls upon an unnamed Aspect of the Crucible that transforms their lower body into a pachyderm centaur with six limbs. Its four back legs resemble those of even-toed ungulates , while the front legs terminate in large hands with opposable thumbs.
The Fine Crucible Feather Talisman depicts the membraned wings of butterflies and dragonflies .
The inhuman physiology of the Godskin Apostles may not have been derived from the Crucible. [ 20 ]
Crucible Feather Talisman
Crucible Knot Talisman
Crucible Scale Talisman
Fine Crucible Feather Talisman
Talisman of All Crucibles
Crucible Hammer-Helm
Ordovis's Greatsword

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Greater Will
Long ago, we began as stardust , born of a great rupture far across the skies. We, too, are children of the Greater Will. Is that not divine? Is that not sublime?
The Greater Will is an unseen character in ELDEN RING (2022) .
1 Overview 1.1 Eternal Cities 1.2 Age of the Erdtree
1.2 Age of the Erdtree
The Greater Will is a mysterious and supremely powerful entity or force from beyond that has great influence over the Lands Between . The vassals and envoys of the Greater Will are central to the Golden Order . It inhabits a lightless void outside the Lands Between. [ 1 ]
Long ago, the Greater Will fractured the One Great , creating births and souls. [ 2 ] The adherents of the Three Fingers consider this action to be a mistake, because it resulted in torment, despair, affliction, sins, and curses.
Together with a golden star, the Greater Will once sent an Elden Beast to the Lands Between that would later become the Elden Ring . [ 3 ] This beast was its vassal, and the living incarnation of the concept of Order. [ 4 ] The Greater Will has other vassals and envoys known as the Two Fingers , [ 5 ] who speak in a sign language of light. [ 6 ] The mother of the Two Fingers is Metyr , who in turn is a daughter of the Greater Will and the first shooting star to fall upon the Lands Between. [ 7 ]
Before the age of the Erdtree , [ 8 ] the denizens of the Eternal Cities rebelled against the Greater Will. To shield themselves from its influence, the Nox donned ritual mirrorhelms to block its intervention and that of its vassals. [ 9 ] In an act of blasphemy, they drew the ire of the Greater Will by wielding the Fingerslayer Blade against one of its vassals. [ 10 ] In response to this transgression, the Greater Will unleashed Astel , whose destruction of the Eternal Cities condemned them to an existence underground. [ 11 ]
During the age of the Erdtree begun by Queen Marika the Eternal [ 12 ] and at least the era immediately preceding it, the Greater Will's envoy Two Fingers selected Empyreans as candidates to become the God of the coming age. [ 13 ] Queen Marika was one such candidate, and created the Golden Order by confining the Rune of Death . [ 14 ] However, Marika would eventually shatter the Elden Ring, [ 15 ] leading to her demigod offspring inheriting the Great Runes which in turn would trigger a war known as the Shattering . [ 16 ] The Greater Will abandoned the demigods following the Shattering, as none managed to claim title of Elden Lord. [ 17 ]
According to the Two Fingers, the Greater Will has not abandoned the realm, nor the life that inhabits it, proclaiming this is why the Tarnished have been extended the Guidance of Grace . [ 18 ] After the Tarnished returned to the Lands Between following the Shattering, the Two Fingers, at the behest of the Greater Will, bade them kill the demigods in order to claim their Great Runes to become Elden Lord by becoming Marika's consort, [ 19 ] as the Greater Will had long since renounced the demigods. [ 20 ]
In the time of the Tarnished , it was discovered that the entrance to the Erdtree was blocked by impenetrable thorns, preventing anyone from becoming Elden Lord. This caused the Two Fingers to commune with the Greater Will in search of answers, which may take thousands or tens of thousands of moons. [ 21 ] [ 22 ] When the Tarnished suggested burning the Erdtree, which would unbind Destined Death and slay the world itself, [ 23 ] Finger Reader Enia exclaimed that the Fingers and the Greater Will would never allow it. [ 24 ]
After the Tarnished caused the Volcano Manor's recusants to disband following the defeat of Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy , the recusant known as Knight Bernahl declared himself the inheritor of his comrade recusant's will. He declared their refusal to become the Greater Will's pawns and swore it would fall by his blade. [ 25 ]
The Nox Mirrorhelms presumably worked by reflecting the Greater Will's language of light. [ 26 ]
Queen Marika the Eternal

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Outer Gods
The Outer Gods are mysterious beings mentioned throughout the lore of Elden Ring . They do not appear to manifest physical forms within the Lands Between and instead influence the events of the Lands Between in other ways, including through worship by denizens of the Lands Between and by powering incantations .
The Outer Gods are responsible for many of the events that happen both before and during Elden Ring's story, and have acted in both benevolent and malicious ways.
Gods & Deities ♦ Demigods
This is a list of Outer Gods whose status is confirmed explicitly by in-game descriptions.
An Outer God also known as the "Mother of Truth" who craves wounds. The Formless Mother is associated most closely with Mohg, Lord of Blood , giving him and his followers access to Blood Oath Incantations . When Mohg stood before her, deep underground, his accursed blood erupted with fire. Mohg's attempts to elevate his brother Miquella to Godhood imply that the Formless Mother possesses the ability to uplift someone to the status of a god. In the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC , the mother of truth is described as the savior of the Bloodfiends who engage in similar rituals to the Mohgwyn Dynasty .
Reference to the Formless Mother being an Outer God can be found in the description of Mohgwyn's Sacred Spear .
An Outer God associated with the corrupting Scarlet Rot . Sage Gowry , who proclaims himself dedicated to the "Order of Rot" likens said order to "the cycle of decay and rebirth". The Kindred of Rot are the servants of the Goddess of Rot, and are servants that have been forsaken. Other pests such as ants and scorpions have a connection to rot.
According to the Blue Dancer Charm , this Outer God was reportedly sealed away by a blind swordsman with a flowing sword , and the Lake of Rot Map confirms that the lake of rot is the location of this sealing. The Prosthesis-Wearer Heirloom implies that this same swordsman goes on to mentor Malenia , who is similarly afflicted with rot. Malenia's elevation to the Goddess of Rot maintains a pattern of people being uplifted to the status of God while also being associated with a higher being or Outer God. In the land of shadow, Romina, Saint of the Bud discovered a twisted divine element, which she weaved into the baleful scarlet rot . According to the Hefty Rot Pot , rot is one of the divine elements of the Outer Gods, and eats away at life like a vicious plague. This is reflected in Millicent's questline and Malenia's ultimate fate.
Reference to the God of Rot being an Outer God can be found in the descriptions of the Lake of Rot Map and the Scorpion's Stinger .
An Outer God related in some fashion to death and the undead. All that is stated about this Outer God is that the Twinbird is its vassal, and that the Twinbird is in turn the mother of Deathbirds . In the time when there was no Erdtree, death was burned in ghostflame. Deathbirds were the keepers of that fire.
In times of old, the dead were burned with ghostflame, and from those cinders arose vengeful spirits. Ghostflame sorceries such as Ancient Death Rancor and Explosive Ghostflame are explicitly related to the Deathbirds. As these are death sorceries which are boosted by the Prince of Death's Staff , it may be reasonable to infer that the Deathbirds, and therefore their god, are similar in nature to Those Who Live in Death and are aligned with them in some way. Deathbirds also count as Those Who Live in Death as they possess the same weakness . This idea is strengthened by a ghostflame weapon, the Helphen's Steeple , which is dropped by a Tibia Mariner . According to the Steeple, there is a place known as the Helphen which may be associated with this outer god. Priests would become guardians of the birds through the rite of Death, which also serves as an oath sworn to their distant resurrection. Mausoleum Knights evoke the Deathbirds with their armor and maintain a vigil after death over the Walking Mausoleums and the deceased demigod Godwyn the Golden in Deeproot Depths . Godwyn is the Prince of Death, scion of the golden bough and First of the Dead among the demigods.
Reference to the God of the Twinbird being an Outer God can be found in the Twinbird Kite Shield's description.
An Outer God with an association with the Fire Giants , Fire Prelates , Fire Monks , and the flame of ruin . In the land of shadow, there are verdigris items such as an armor set , a talisman , and a greatshield . Verdigris metal is said to be the gift of an Outer God. It is similar in appearance and hue to the large plate and adornments carried by the Fire Giant on the mountaintops. The giants were gifted smiths, and in ancient times, smithing was considered divine. Furthermore, like other Outer Gods, the Fell God let the Fire Giants borrow its power, but they were in turn given a curse. The Fell God, according to the One-Eyed Shield , was rumored to have been slain by Queen Marika but still lurks within the Fire Giants themselves according to the Flame of the Fell God spell description. Upon realizing the flames of their forge would never die, Queen Marika kept one of the Fire Giants alive. According to the Furnace Visage , the Furnace Golems have a stone mask surrounded by curled horns, depicting the fell god of fire that haunts the sagas of the hornsent.
Reference to the Fell God of Fire being an Outer God can be found in the Verdigris Armor description.
An Outer God associated with Madness and total chaos. At the end of Hyetta's questline, she is able to speak to the player on behalf of the Frenzied Flame's Three Fingers . It outlines its beliefs that the Greater Will's act of "fracturing" the "One Great" into life as we know it was a mistake and is the source of all suffering. Its intentions are to burn the world, "until all is One again". This Outer God is associated with the various Frenzied Flame Incantations and can be sided with, culminating in the "Lord of Frenzied Flame" ending .
Refence to the Frenzied Flame being an Outer God can be found in the Miquella's Needle description, which states its specific function is to "ward away the meddling of Outer Gods".
Trident of Mohg, Lord of Blood. A sacred spear that will come to symbolize his dynasty. As well as serving as a weapon, it is an instrument of communion with an outer god who bestows power upon accursed blood.
The mother of truth desires a wound.
A talisman engraved with the lore of an outer god.
The clan, who lost everything in the great fires, peered upon the corpse of their ancestor, normally an act of sanctity, and saw in its shadow a twisted deity. The clan had suffered such torment that the horrible thing was taken as an object of worship.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a bloodfiend hexer. Summoning consumes HP rather than FP.
This spirit conducts bloodboon rituals with a sacred spear, casts bloodflame hexes, and takes a singular pleasure in letting the blood of foes.
Long ago, a subjugated tribe discovered a twisted deity amongst the ravages of war, and they were transformed into bloodfiends. The mother of truth was their savior .
Map of Lake of Rot and environs.
A great lake of standing water downstream of the Ainsel River. It is said that the divine essence of an outer god is sealed away in this land.
Dagger fashioned from a great scorpion's tail, glistening with scarlet rot.
A ceremonial tool used by heretics, crafted from the relic of a sealed outer god.
Craftable item prepared using a capacious cracked pot. A cocktail of rotten materials is sealed inside.
Throw at enemies to cause a large buildup of scarlet rot.
Rot is one of the divine elements of the outer gods, and eats away at life like a vicious plague.
Shield featuring a vividly painted twinbird. The twinbird is said to be the envoy of an outer god, and mother of the Deathbirds.
At dwindling levels of HP, this shield slightly boosts both attack and defense.
Sorcery of the servants of Death.
Strike the ground with the staff, triggering an explosion of ghostflame that burns the surrounding area.
In the time when there was no Erdtree, death was burned in ghostflame. Deathbirds were the keepers of that fire.
A smaller imitation of the furnace golem's visage. Material used for crafting items.
Exceedingly rare to find.
A stone mask surrounded by curled horns, depicting the fell god of fire that haunts the sagas of the hornsent.
Chest armor made from an unusual metal known as verdigris. Verdigris is said to be the gift of an outer god.
Possessed of an enormously hefty yet supple strength thanks to its rusted nature.
A great stone shield with an intricately carved fingerprint design.
One of the heaviest of all greatshields.
Part of the tomb of an ancient god, the Readerless Fingers relayed their message through these imprints, said to be the very seeds from which frenzy first sprouted.
One of the unalloyed gold needles that Miquella crafted to ward away the meddling of outer gods.
Capable of subduing the flame of frenzy if inherited, allowing one to cheat fate and avoid becoming Lord of Frenzied Flame.
However, the needle is as yet unfinished and can only be used in the heart of the storm beyond time said to be found in Farum Azula.
The Outer Gods (外なる神々, Sotonaru Kamigami ) are unseen, enigmatic entities wielding immense power and influence over the world of ELDEN RING (2022) . Each outer god possesses unique qualities and divine elements. [ 1 ] They often act indirectly, shaping the Lands Between to fulfill their inscrutable designs.
1 List of Outer Gods 1.1 The Formless Mother 1.2 Outer God of Rot 1.3 Outer God of the Twinbird 1.4 The Frenzied Flame 1.5 Outer God of Night
1.1 The Formless Mother
1.2 Outer God of Rot
1.3 Outer God of the Twinbird
1.4 The Frenzied Flame
1.5 Outer God of Night
The Formless Mother , also known as the mother of truth, is an outer god associated with bloodflame and blood loss . [ 2 ] She craves wounds and is said to bestow power upon those born with accursed blood. [ 3 ] The Blood Oath incantations channel her divine element [ 4 ] [ 5 ] , accessed by puncturing her omnipresent body with ritual spears . [ 6 ] It is believed that the eternal blood of the Formless Mother's wound will never dry or turn to rot. [ 7 ] When Mohg stood before her, deep underground, his accursed blood erupted with fire, and he was besotted with the defilement that he was born into. She plays a central role in the Mohgwyn Dynasty . Long ago, a subjugated tribe discovered a twisted deity amongst the ravages of war, and they were transformed into the bloodfiends . The mother of truth was their savior. [ 8 ]
The outer god and incarnation of Rot whose divine essence was sealed away by a blind swordsman in the Lake of Rot . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] A great scorpion's tail, which was crafted into a ceremonial dagger , is said to be a relic of this outer god. [ 11 ] Those who dwell within poison know rot all too well. The death that begets life, that comes to all equally. That is to say: it is the cycle of rebirth put into practice. [ 12 ] Miquella's Needle was crafted and inserted into Malenia, Blade of Miquella to ward off the affliction of the Scarlet Rot. [ 13 ] Though born into the accursed rot, when the young girl encountered her mentor and his flowing blade, she gained wings of unparalleled strength. [ 14 ] The wings symbolize Malenia and her undefeated prowess. Though she never knew relief from the accursed rot she was born into, her blade was forever beautiful - and relentless. [ 15 ]
Each time the scarlet flower blooms, Malenia's rot advances. It has bloomed twice already. With the third bloom, she will become a true goddess. [ 16 ] Millicent's sisters were born in the swamp of Aeonia , and came to the Haligtree under the aegis of Sage Gowry . And yet, those buds were doomed to never blossom. [ 17 ] Malenia rejected the Servants of Rot including the Kindred of Rot and Aeonian Butterflies , bereft of a master they were soothed by Romina, Saint of the Bud who reached out to them. [ 18 ] [ 19 ] After the church was burned to the ground, Romina had discovered a twisted divine element, which she weaved into the baleful scarlet rot. [ 20 ]
The outer god of the Twinbird once held influence in the Lands Between. Its envoy is the Twinbird which is the mother of Deathbirds . [ 21 ] A Deathbird is depicted as a malevolent deity involved in ancient sacrifical rites. [ 22 ] In times of old when there was no Erdtree, the dead were burned in ghostflame , and from those cinders arose vengeful spirits. Deathbirds were the keepers of that fire. [ 23 ] [ 24 ] Priests of old who were permitted to come among the Deathbirds became guardians of the birds through the rite of Death, which also serves as an oath sworn to their distant resurrection. [ 25 ] The Deathbirds are also Those Who Live in Death and as such are enemies of the Golden Order , as the Golden Order has no mercy for those who trespass beyond life's bounds. [ 26 ] Likely a product of the ancient hexing arts of the tower [ 27 ] , Gravebirds are ancient golems and spiritgrave keepers which according to legend were crafted to be kindred to the Deathbirds. [ 28 ]
The outer god  and incarnation of chaos, represented by the maddening yellow Flame of Frenzy . [ 13 ] Lightseeker Hyetta describes it as a "distant light," visible only after amassing numerous Shabriri Grapes . [ 29 ] [ 30 ] The Flame of Frenzy initially entered the world through impressions left by the Readerless Fingers upon the tomb of an ancient god. [ 31 ] Nonetheless, it poses profound danger to all life, [ 32 ] possessing the ability to melt away even eternal spirits . [ 33 ] This god seeks to restore the unity of the One Great by destroying the Lands Between and plunging the world into chaos. [ 34 ] Queen Marika , Melina , and the Hornsent vehemently suppress its worship and practice. [ 35 ] The god is associated with the Eye of Yelough , and its divine element manifests as contagious yellow embers in the eyes of its followers. [ 36 ] The flame of frenzy burns the eyes, but tranquility follows in its wake. [ 37 ] No other Tarnished was closer to the throne of the Elden Lord than Vyke . But without announcement, Vyke traveled far below the capital, and was scorched by the flame of frenzy. Did he make his choice for his maiden, or did some other force lure him with suggestion? [ 38 ] It is said that the man, named Shabriri , had his eyes gouged out as punishment for the crime of slander, and, with time, the blight of the flame of frenzy came to dwell in the empty sockets. [ 39 ] It is said that the sickness of the flame of frenzy first began to spread with him, the most reviled man in all history. [ 40 ] Nomadic merchants once thrived as the Great Caravan, but after being accused of heretical beliefs, their entire clan was rounded up and buried alive far underground. Then, they chanted a curse of despair, and summoned the flame of frenzy. [ 41 ] The Lord of Frenzied Flame shall take their torment, despair. Their affliction. Every sin, every curse. All melted away. Yet Midra at the encouragement of Nanaya , like others before him, was too weak to become a Lord. [ 42 ]
Pertinent only to the events of Elden Ring: Nightrei

---

area: Mountaintops of the Giants
chapter: 21
name: Haligtree Medallion
Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) is a Key Item in Elden Ring . Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) is used to operate Grand Lift of Rold , granting access to a hidden path. Key Items in Elden Ring include a wide variety of items found in specific locations or are given by a related NPCs which are used to unlock areas, quests, and to further progress the game's story.
Left half of a split medallion depicting the Haligtree.
Brandishing the medallion with both halves conjoined will activate the Grand Lift of Rold, granting access to a hidden path.
In other words, this secret medallion will guide the bearer to the land of Miquella's Haligtree.
The Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) can be found in the following location:
Castle Sol : Found on the roof of the tower in the northeast, accessible after defeating Commander Niall . [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) can be used to operate Grand Lift of Rold to access the secret location Consecrated Snowfield . See Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right) for the other half. In order to use it you must be at the bottom of the Grand Lift of Rold and switch actions from "Hoist Medallion" to "Hoist Secret Medallion". This will not work if you are at the top of the Lift.
Latenna hints at the location of this medallion if you choose to hear her request to take her to Haligttree.

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Age of Fracture
The fallen leaves tell a story. Of how a Tarnished became Elden Lord.
ELDEN RING (2022) features six total endings: Age of Fracture, Age of Order, Age of the Duskborn, Blessing of Despair, Age of the Stars and the Lord of Frenzied Flame.
The Age of Fracture is the simplest to obtain, only requiring The Tarnished to finish the game, while all others demand completion their respective side quests beforehand. The Age of Fracture, Age of Order, Age of the Duskborn and Blessing of Despair endings see The Tarnished rise as Marika's new Elden Lord of the Golden Order , mending the Elden Ring, and ushering in their new Age of choice to rule over. The Age of the Stars ending sees The Tarnished aid Ranni the Witch in ousting Marika and remaining at her side as Ranni's first Elden Lord. The Lord of Frenzied Flame ending, caused by the possession of the Frenzied Flame, overrides the possibility of any other ending. The Tarnished's disregards the notion of becoming Elden Lord becoming the Lord of Frenzied Flame instead and incinerating everything that came before.
For The Tarnished to separate themselves from the Frenzied Flame's influence after being inherited, they must aquire Miquella's Needle and follow its specific conditions of use. Once the Frenzied Flame is ridded, it can not be reclaimed in any way, preventing the Lord of Frenzied Flame ending.
2 Ending Explanations 2.1 Age of Fracture 2.2 Age of Order 2.3 Age of the Duskborn 2.4 Blessing of Despair 2.5 Age of the Stars 2.6 Lord of Frenzied Flame
2.3 Age of the Duskborn
2.4 Blessing of Despair
2.5 Age of the Stars
2.6 Lord of Frenzied Flame
3 Choosing an Ending
The Tarnished becomes Elden Lord, fulfilling the Two Fingers's plans of using the Tarnished to restore the sense of stability not felt since the Elden Ring was shattered. The Golden Order remains in the truest state possible to what it once was and the status quo is restored.
The Tarnished becomes Elden Lord, fulfilling Goldmask's idea of a "Perfect" Golden Order, based upon his research into how it had fallen to its current state. Having realized that the imperfections of the Golden Order stemmed from the fickleness of the gods, who in fact were no better than men, Goldmask's new transcendental ideology attempts to bring true order to the Lands Between .
The Tarnished becomes Elden Lord, wielding the rune born from Fia and the Prince of Death's union. Just as the Golden Order had been created by confining Destined Death , the Tarnished creates a new order of death restored. The principle of life in death is embeded within this order, and Those Who Live in Death are allowed to live in peace.
The Tarnished becomes Elden Lord, fulfilling the Dung Eater's twisted vision of a cursed world. All will become cursed, thus none can be scorned, which despite its radicalism, does bring order back to the Lands Between .
The Tarnished helps Ranni fulfil her vision of a Lands Between without the Golden Order by allowing her to replace Marika in godhood and taking the role of her consort. Ranni ushers in a new order not of gold, but of the stars and moon of the chill night. Rather than make herself and her order objects of worship, she chooses instead to keep her order and the Lands Between at a great divide, removing the certainties that had existed during Marika's rule.
The Tarnished and Ranni leave the Lands Between, embarking on a thousand year voyage into darkness under the wisdom of the Moon.
Rather than become Elden Lord, The Tarnished becomes the Lord of Frenzied Flame, fulfilling the machinations of Shabriri , and the Three Fingers's will. The Tarnished is left almost completely alone, the Frenzied Flame rapidly consuming everything in existence.
If Melina was not sacrificed, she is seen vowing to hunt down and kill the Tarnished for not heeding her earlier warnings.
After the final boss is slain, they will return alone to a room with Marika's statue and a Grace. Ranni's summon sign will also appear on the ground close by to the Marika's statue, if Ranni's questline has been completed. The Tarnished will now have the option to choose their ending by interacting with Marika's statue, or, if present, Ranni's summon sign. If The Tarnished possesses the Frenzied Flame, Ranni's summon sign will not appear unless the Frenzied Flame is ridden by Miquella's Needle . In this case, the only option will be to interact with Marika's statue, and the Lord of Frenzied Flame ending will automatically begin, offering no alternative choice at all.
Interacting with Marika's statue without the Frenzied Flame will allow The Tarnished to choose from one of three possible mending runes to repair the Elden Ring that can obtained during their adventures. Once the respective rune has been chosen, the Age of Order, Age of the Duskborn, or Blessing of Despair ending will begin. A fourth option to "Mend the Elden Ring" without a rune is always available, and if chosen, results in the Age of Fracture ending.
If present, interacting with the Ranni's summon sign, instead of Marika's statue, will begin the Age of the Stars ending.
In all cases, the nearby Grace can be used to teleport anywhere else and return later, allowing the ending to be postponed and play to continue.
To begin a New Game+, an ending must be chosen. To then do so, after the end credits, select "Begin Journey X" or later at the Roundtable Hold Grace if New Game+ is not originally selected.
There is an unnamed cut ending associated with Miquella, where at some point Miquella was supposed to say to the Tarnished, “ If thou covetest the throne, Impress my vision upon thine heart. In the new world of thy making, all things will flourish, whether graceful, or malign.” The word “malign” is not an accurate translation of the Japanese text, which literally says “not-so-graceful”. Based on the original Japanese text, Miquella may be envisioning a new world where both the graceful and the not-so-graceful (like the unwanted Albinaurics and Misbegotten) would flour

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Age of the Duskborn
The fallen leaves tell a story. Of how a Tarnished became Elden Lord.
ELDEN RING (2022) features six total endings: Age of Fracture, Age of Order, Age of the Duskborn, Blessing of Despair, Age of the Stars and the Lord of Frenzied Flame.
The Age of Fracture is the simplest to obtain, only requiring The Tarnished to finish the game, while all others demand completion their respective side quests beforehand. The Age of Fracture, Age of Order, Age of the Duskborn and Blessing of Despair endings see The Tarnished rise as Marika's new Elden Lord of the Golden Order , mending the Elden Ring, and ushering in their new Age of choice to rule over. The Age of the Stars ending sees The Tarnished aid Ranni the Witch in ousting Marika and remaining at her side as Ranni's first Elden Lord. The Lord of Frenzied Flame ending, caused by the possession of the Frenzied Flame, overrides the possibility of any other ending. The Tarnished's disregards the notion of becoming Elden Lord becoming the Lord of Frenzied Flame instead and incinerating everything that came before.
For The Tarnished to separate themselves from the Frenzied Flame's influence after being inherited, they must aquire Miquella's Needle and follow its specific conditions of use. Once the Frenzied Flame is ridded, it can not be reclaimed in any way, preventing the Lord of Frenzied Flame ending.
2 Ending Explanations 2.1 Age of Fracture 2.2 Age of Order 2.3 Age of the Duskborn 2.4 Blessing of Despair 2.5 Age of the Stars 2.6 Lord of Frenzied Flame
2.3 Age of the Duskborn
2.4 Blessing of Despair
2.5 Age of the Stars
2.6 Lord of Frenzied Flame
3 Choosing an Ending
The Tarnished becomes Elden Lord, fulfilling the Two Fingers's plans of using the Tarnished to restore the sense of stability not felt since the Elden Ring was shattered. The Golden Order remains in the truest state possible to what it once was and the status quo is restored.
The Tarnished becomes Elden Lord, fulfilling Goldmask's idea of a "Perfect" Golden Order, based upon his research into how it had fallen to its current state. Having realized that the imperfections of the Golden Order stemmed from the fickleness of the gods, who in fact were no better than men, Goldmask's new transcendental ideology attempts to bring true order to the Lands Between .
The Tarnished becomes Elden Lord, wielding the rune born from Fia and the Prince of Death's union. Just as the Golden Order had been created by confining Destined Death , the Tarnished creates a new order of death restored. The principle of life in death is embeded within this order, and Those Who Live in Death are allowed to live in peace.
The Tarnished becomes Elden Lord, fulfilling the Dung Eater's twisted vision of a cursed world. All will become cursed, thus none can be scorned, which despite its radicalism, does bring order back to the Lands Between .
The Tarnished helps Ranni fulfil her vision of a Lands Between without the Golden Order by allowing her to replace Marika in godhood and taking the role of her consort. Ranni ushers in a new order not of gold, but of the stars and moon of the chill night. Rather than make herself and her order objects of worship, she chooses instead to keep her order and the Lands Between at a great divide, removing the certainties that had existed during Marika's rule.
The Tarnished and Ranni leave the Lands Between, embarking on a thousand year voyage into darkness under the wisdom of the Moon.
Rather than become Elden Lord, The Tarnished becomes the Lord of Frenzied Flame, fulfilling the machinations of Shabriri , and the Three Fingers's will. The Tarnished is left almost completely alone, the Frenzied Flame rapidly consuming everything in existence.
If Melina was not sacrificed, she is seen vowing to hunt down and kill the Tarnished for not heeding her earlier warnings.
After the final boss is slain, they will return alone to a room with Marika's statue and a Grace. Ranni's summon sign will also appear on the ground close by to the Marika's statue, if Ranni's questline has been completed. The Tarnished will now have the option to choose their ending by interacting with Marika's statue, or, if present, Ranni's summon sign. If The Tarnished possesses the Frenzied Flame, Ranni's summon sign will not appear unless the Frenzied Flame is ridden by Miquella's Needle . In this case, the only option will be to interact with Marika's statue, and the Lord of Frenzied Flame ending will automatically begin, offering no alternative choice at all.
Interacting with Marika's statue without the Frenzied Flame will allow The Tarnished to choose from one of three possible mending runes to repair the Elden Ring that can obtained during their adventures. Once the respective rune has been chosen, the Age of Order, Age of the Duskborn, or Blessing of Despair ending will begin. A fourth option to "Mend the Elden Ring" without a rune is always available, and if chosen, results in the Age of Fracture ending.
If present, interacting with the Ranni's summon sign, instead of Marika's statue, will begin the Age of the Stars ending.
In all cases, the nearby Grace can be used to teleport anywhere else and return later, allowing the ending to be postponed and play to continue.
To begin a New Game+, an ending must be chosen. To then do so, after the end credits, select "Begin Journey X" or later at the Roundtable Hold Grace if New Game+ is not originally selected.
There is an unnamed cut ending associated with Miquella, where at some point Miquella was supposed to say to the Tarnished, “ If thou covetest the throne, Impress my vision upon thine heart. In the new world of thy making, all things will flourish, whether graceful, or malign.” The word “malign” is not an accurate translation of the Japanese text, which literally says “not-so-graceful”. Based on the original Japanese text, Miquella may be envisioning a new world where both the graceful and the not-so-graceful (like the unwanted Albinaurics and Misbegotten) would flour

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Blessing of Despair
The fallen leaves tell a story. Of how a Tarnished became Elden Lord.
ELDEN RING (2022) features six total endings: Age of Fracture, Age of Order, Age of the Duskborn, Blessing of Despair, Age of the Stars and the Lord of Frenzied Flame.
The Age of Fracture is the simplest to obtain, only requiring The Tarnished to finish the game, while all others demand completion their respective side quests beforehand. The Age of Fracture, Age of Order, Age of the Duskborn and Blessing of Despair endings see The Tarnished rise as Marika's new Elden Lord of the Golden Order , mending the Elden Ring, and ushering in their new Age of choice to rule over. The Age of the Stars ending sees The Tarnished aid Ranni the Witch in ousting Marika and remaining at her side as Ranni's first Elden Lord. The Lord of Frenzied Flame ending, caused by the possession of the Frenzied Flame, overrides the possibility of any other ending. The Tarnished's disregards the notion of becoming Elden Lord becoming the Lord of Frenzied Flame instead and incinerating everything that came before.
For The Tarnished to separate themselves from the Frenzied Flame's influence after being inherited, they must aquire Miquella's Needle and follow its specific conditions of use. Once the Frenzied Flame is ridded, it can not be reclaimed in any way, preventing the Lord of Frenzied Flame ending.
2 Ending Explanations 2.1 Age of Fracture 2.2 Age of Order 2.3 Age of the Duskborn 2.4 Blessing of Despair 2.5 Age of the Stars 2.6 Lord of Frenzied Flame
2.3 Age of the Duskborn
2.4 Blessing of Despair
2.5 Age of the Stars
2.6 Lord of Frenzied Flame
3 Choosing an Ending
The Tarnished becomes Elden Lord, fulfilling the Two Fingers's plans of using the Tarnished to restore the sense of stability not felt since the Elden Ring was shattered. The Golden Order remains in the truest state possible to what it once was and the status quo is restored.
The Tarnished becomes Elden Lord, fulfilling Goldmask's idea of a "Perfect" Golden Order, based upon his research into how it had fallen to its current state. Having realized that the imperfections of the Golden Order stemmed from the fickleness of the gods, who in fact were no better than men, Goldmask's new transcendental ideology attempts to bring true order to the Lands Between .
The Tarnished becomes Elden Lord, wielding the rune born from Fia and the Prince of Death's union. Just as the Golden Order had been created by confining Destined Death , the Tarnished creates a new order of death restored. The principle of life in death is embeded within this order, and Those Who Live in Death are allowed to live in peace.
The Tarnished becomes Elden Lord, fulfilling the Dung Eater's twisted vision of a cursed world. All will become cursed, thus none can be scorned, which despite its radicalism, does bring order back to the Lands Between .
The Tarnished helps Ranni fulfil her vision of a Lands Between without the Golden Order by allowing her to replace Marika in godhood and taking the role of her consort. Ranni ushers in a new order not of gold, but of the stars and moon of the chill night. Rather than make herself and her order objects of worship, she chooses instead to keep her order and the Lands Between at a great divide, removing the certainties that had existed during Marika's rule.
The Tarnished and Ranni leave the Lands Between, embarking on a thousand year voyage into darkness under the wisdom of the Moon.
Rather than become Elden Lord, The Tarnished becomes the Lord of Frenzied Flame, fulfilling the machinations of Shabriri , and the Three Fingers's will. The Tarnished is left almost completely alone, the Frenzied Flame rapidly consuming everything in existence.
If Melina was not sacrificed, she is seen vowing to hunt down and kill the Tarnished for not heeding her earlier warnings.
After the final boss is slain, they will return alone to a room with Marika's statue and a Grace. Ranni's summon sign will also appear on the ground close by to the Marika's statue, if Ranni's questline has been completed. The Tarnished will now have the option to choose their ending by interacting with Marika's statue, or, if present, Ranni's summon sign. If The Tarnished possesses the Frenzied Flame, Ranni's summon sign will not appear unless the Frenzied Flame is ridden by Miquella's Needle . In this case, the only option will be to interact with Marika's statue, and the Lord of Frenzied Flame ending will automatically begin, offering no alternative choice at all.
Interacting with Marika's statue without the Frenzied Flame will allow The Tarnished to choose from one of three possible mending runes to repair the Elden Ring that can obtained during their adventures. Once the respective rune has been chosen, the Age of Order, Age of the Duskborn, or Blessing of Despair ending will begin. A fourth option to "Mend the Elden Ring" without a rune is always available, and if chosen, results in the Age of Fracture ending.
If present, interacting with the Ranni's summon sign, instead of Marika's statue, will begin the Age of the Stars ending.
In all cases, the nearby Grace can be used to teleport anywhere else and return later, allowing the ending to be postponed and play to continue.
To begin a New Game+, an ending must be chosen. To then do so, after the end credits, select "Begin Journey X" or later at the Roundtable Hold Grace if New Game+ is not originally selected.
There is an unnamed cut ending associated with Miquella, where at some point Miquella was supposed to say to the Tarnished, “ If thou covetest the throne, Impress my vision upon thine heart. In the new world of thy making, all things will flourish, whether graceful, or malign.” The word “malign” is not an accurate translation of the Japanese text, which literally says “not-so-graceful”. Based on the original Japanese text, Miquella may be envisioning a new world where both the graceful and the not-so-graceful (like the unwanted Albinaurics and Misbegotten) would flour

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Lord of the Frenzied Flame
The Lord of Frenzied Flame is no lord at all. When the land they preside over is lifeless.
- Melina — warning the Tarnished over the wickedness of becoming a Lord of Chaos.
The Lord of Frenzied Flame (狂い火の王, Kurui Hi no Ō ), also known as the Lord of Chaos (混沌の王, Konton no Ō ), [ 1 ] is a status/title in the world of ELDEN RING (2022) . It refers to the prophesied, messiah-like figure of the Frenzied Flame and its ailing followers . Promising them salvation by taking their torment, despair, their affliction, every sin, every curse, and melting it all away. [ 2 ]
1 Known Lords 1.1 Contenders
A chosen few of those afflicted with the flame of frenzy are capable of transforming into the Lord after death. The strength of its form can seemingly vary depending on who its original host is, with several having proven to be capable of becoming one, however many of them were either too weak-willed or physically feeble to accomplish anything, causing them to be considered frauds and failures in the eyes of their followers.
Similar to the power of its namesake, it has an uncanny ability to erase the original identity of its vessel. It can emerge from its host even if they don't want it to [ 3 ] and can even prompt them to abruptly die at a moments notice to force their transformation into itself. [ 4 ]
Once a Lord of Frenzied Flame manifests, the head of the original host is replaced by a black hole with yellow flames spewing out of its core, erasing any visible trace of the original host's identity. It moves their bodies around with mannerisms completely alien to not only the original host but even other chaos followers as well. Making gestures that suggest complete delight and overwhelming euphoria at the sight of its flames consuming everything in its path. An ironic contrast for something supposedly being born from unspeakable torment and despair.
While it is seen as a savior from the perspective of those stricken by madness, to everyone else it is a harbinger of insanity and death. A menace to all life and the joys of living.
The Tarnished (if they have made contact with the Three Fingers and interacted with the fractured Marika )
Roundtable Knight Vyke
The lord of Nanaya's Torch

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Destined Death
Destined Death is a Skill in Elden Ring . Destined Death allows the user to create a myriad of ethereal blade attacks to deal damage and inflicts a penalizing debuff onto enemies. Updated to Patch 1.07 .
Unique skill for Maliketh's Black Blade .
This is a Unique Skill
This Skill is not Chargeable
This Skill cannot be Parried This Skill can be Parried if performed with no Focus
This Skill can be Parried if performed with no Focus
When triggered, the weapon art causes the user to do a right-to-left horizontal slash (hitbox 1), after which the blade is stabbed into the ground (hitbox 2), which then releases the blade vortex after a brief delay (hitbox 3).
Reduces enemy max HP by 10% for 45 seconds.
Deals 17 stance damage.
Saps enemy HP by 2% + 20 HP.
Damage scales with weapon AR and deals split physical and holy damage. The amount of physical and holy damage depends on stat investment, with Faith increasing Holy damage and Strength and Dexterity increasing physical damage.
The debuff stacks with the Black Blade incantation but not the Blade of Death weapon skill. See Buffs and Debuffs for more information on stacking debuffs.
Destined Death does trigger Winged Sword Insignia , Rotten Winged Sword Insignia , Millicent's Prosthesis and Thorny Cracked Tear .
Note: This Skill was changed with Patch 1.07 as follows:
Motion speed has been increased.
Duration of the effect that reduces maximum HP has been extended.
Elden Ring Skills Demonstration
Black Blade Written Guide
Updated to patch 1.07 . See Patch Notes for details.
Formerly called Destined Death Unbound in the 1.00 version.
Unique Skill: Destined Death
Destined Death (Status Effect)
Maliketh's Black Blade

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Empyrean
Empyrean is a term used to refer to powerful beings who could ascend to godhood and create a new era in the Lands Between. Empyreans typically descend from a royal line, and are selected by the Two Fingers , who are envoys of the Greater Will . Only a select few are given this title, and they have very important impacts on the story and lore . By the time of the Shattering , only three Empyreans would serve as possible successors to the current rule.
An Empyrean...is no mere demigod. In the age of the Elden Ring, and Queen Marika, the precious Empyrean was born. A new god to forge a new Order." - Gowry
Before her ascendence to godhood, Queen Marika was an Empyrean chosen by the Fingers. She was given a shadowbound beast to serve as her protector named Maliketh . Though the details on how she attained divinity are scarce, it is known that she was a Numen and originally lived in the Shaman Village . After her ascendency to godhood she served the Greater Will and used the Elden Ring to shape the Lands Between to its current condition. She did this through the creation of the Erdtree and the veiling of the land of shadow. She gained the title of Eternal after sealing away the Rune of Death , and had two children who were also Empyrean known as the Twin Prodigies. At an indeterminate point, she developed her Empyrean aspect Radagon , who was representative of her loyalty to her Order and served as the second Elden Lord and father to those two children.
The Gloam-Eyed Queen was chosen as an Empyrean long before the events of the game, and wielded the god-slaying black flame infused with Destined Death. She led the Godskin Apostles presumably against Marika in order to begin a new age. It is unknown if she was accompanied by a shadowbound beast or exactly why she was favored by the Fingers. She was defeated by Maliketh, and the Rune of Death was sealed away with him. Unlike the other Empyrean candidates, there is not a clear relation between Marika and the Gloam-Eyed Queen, but Maliketh's name once meant "Death of the Demigods " long ago.
Ranni is the demigod daughter of Radagon and Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon , and a member of the Carian Royal Family . When Godfrey was divested of grace, her father left to become the second Elden Lord. As an Empyrean chosen by the Fingers, she was given a shadowbound beast in the form of Blaidd , though he swore allegiance only to Ranni. She cares deeply for her mother, and learned powerful cold sorceries from a mysterious snow witch. Above all, she wished to be free from her current Empyrean path and from serving her Two Fingers. In an effort to achieve her goal, she orchestrated the Night of the Black Knives by empowering a group of assassins with the Rune of Death. They slew Godwyn the Golden in soul while she divested herself from her own body. She then carried on as a spirit possessing a doll in the form of her former mentor. She is still not entirely free, and her allies search for a way to enter Nokron, the Eternal City , which houses the Fingerslayer Blade . Due to the nature of her dream, they act in discretion. Assisting her can achieve a certain ending .
Miquella is the demigod son of Queen Marika and Radagon, considered to be one of the Twin Prodigies. Miquella was an Empyrean chosen by the Fingers, but was born with a curse to be forever young. It is unknown whether they received shadowbound beasts to protect them. Perhaps because their afflictions they were not granted ones from the Fingers, and so Malenia instead vowed to be his sworn blade. Miquella had an incredible intellect, and knew how to charm others in order to gain their allegiance. For a time he adhered to Golden Order Fundamentalism , and exchanged gifts with his father through various incantations . Miquella sought to grant his brother Godwyn a proper death and his sister Malenia a cure from her scarlet rot, but was unsuccessful. Planning to start a new Order more accepting of those turned away by the Golden Order, Miquella cocooned himself inside his Haligtree so that he might become a god, but was stolen away by Mohg, Lord of Blood . He then discarded his flesh including his Empyrean aspect St. Trina and from the land of shadow plans to ascend to godhood with the strength of a new Lord .
Malenia is the demigod daughter of Queen Marika and Radagon, considered to be one of the Twin Prodigies. Malenia was an Empyrean chosen by the Fingers, but was born with a curse of scarlet rot . It is unknown whether they received shadowbound beasts to protect them. Perhaps because of their afflictions they were not granted ones from the Fingers, and so Malenia instead vowed to be her brother's sworn blade. Her curse was the result of the meddling of an Outer God , one sealed away in a Lake of Rot . The toll the curse inflicted on her body required her to have a prosthesis for her right arm and both legs. Through training from the one who sealed away the God of Rot, she was able to withstand her curse and become a skilled fighter. She met General Radahn on the battlefield in Caelid and fought to a standstill before blooming into a Scarlet Aeonia . Each time the scarlet flower blooms, Malenia's rot advances. It has bloomed twice already. With the third bloom, she will become a true goddess, and bring true horror to the world.
Source from the Books of Knowledge, Volume II by Future Press.
Q) Ranni the Witch's dual face is one of her most striking features. Was this aspect of her design simply meant to convey that she occupies a body which is not her own, or is there a deeper symbolic meaning behind the left eye of her spirit form overlapping the right eye of the doll she inhabits?
A) There are several meanings behind Ranni's dual faces. As you pointed out, she intentionally killed her original body, transferring her soul to a doll, which itself signifies a warped state of existence. Similar to how Queen Marika and Radagon are one being, it touches on the nature of Empyreans and the multiple different aspects they can possess.
"Empyrean" comes from the cosmological theory of Aristotle and early/medieval Christianity, defined as "the highest heaven". It is used as both adjective and noun. In Dante's Paradiso , Dante meets God in the Empyrean.
In the Japanese version of the game 神人 (Shinjin) is used, which means "divine person".
As part of a scheme, Preceptor Seluvis attempts to use Amber Starlight to make a draught that can control Ranni. Amber Starlight portends to "command the fates of the gods" but likely has to do with Empyreans as it is found near a statue of Miquella and Malenia. For whatever reason, his plan fails, and Seluvis is killed whether the Tarnished goes through with his scheme or not.
Remembrance of Maliketh, the Black Blade, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Maliketh was a shadowbound beast given to his Empyrean. Marika's sole need of her shadow was a vessel to lock away Destined Death. Even then, she betrayed him.
Superior black flame incantation of the Godskin Apostles.
Summons a circle of black flame pillars around the caster. Charging increases the size of the circle.
The Gloam-Eyed Queen led the apostles. It is said that she was an Empyrean chosen by the Fingers.
Ring depicting a leaden full moon. Symbolic of a cold oath, the ring is supposed to be given by Lunar Princess Ranni to her consort.
Ranni is an Empyrean, meaning her consort would by rights earn the title of lord.
A warning is engraved within; "Whoever thou mayest be, take not the ring from this place, the solitude beyond the night is better mine alone."
Tree branch blessed with an incantation of unalloyed gold. Craftable item.
Pierce a foe, using FP to turn them into a temporary ally.
The Empyrean Miquella is loved by many people. Indeed, he has learned very well how to compel such affection.
Remembrance of Malenia, Goddess of Rot, hewn into the Erdtree.
Miquella and Malenia are both the children of a single god. As such they are both Empyreans, but suffered afflictions from birth. One was cursed with eternal childhood, and the other harbored rot within.
Armor worn by Vargram the Raging Wolf, one of the first Tarnished to visit the Roundtable Hold.
According to the old legends, wolves are the shadows of the Empyrean.
Vargram aspired to such a state himself.
Greatsword made of light, modeled after the Elden Ring itself. Forged by King Consort Radagon to proudly symbolize the tenets of the Golden Order.
One of the legendary armaments.
Telltale signs betray that this was once the greatsword bequeathed to him by his first wife, Rennala.
Silver sword carried by clerics of St. Trina. Inflicts sleep ailment upon foes.
St. Trina is an enigmatic figure. Some say she is a comely young girl, others are sure he is a boy. The only certainty is that their appearance was as sudden as their disappearance.
A talisman depicting a raised prosthetic blade. An honor bestowed upon the valkyries who serve the goddess of rot.
Greatly raises attack power with successive attacks.
The Four sisters were born in the swamp of Aeonia, and came to the Haligtree under the aegis of Gowry. And yet, those buds were doomed to never blossom.
I was once an Empyrean. Of the demigods, only I, Miquella, and Malenia could claim that title.
Each of us was chosen by our own Two Fingers, as a candidate to succeed Queen Marika, to become the new god of the coming age.
Which is when I received Blaidd. In the form of a vassal tailored for an Empyrean.
Queen Marika and her King Consort Radagon were blessed with twin demigods, and Malenia was one of them.
She was born an Empyrean, carrying the scarlet rot. An Empyrean...is no mere demigod.
In the age of the Elden Ring, and Queen Marika, the precious Empyrean was born.
A new god to forge a new Order.
Well, I am much obliged. I can hardly believe it, he's divested himself of his very eye… Tender Miquella's eye is no mere morsel of flesh.
It is a vessel of soaring grace. Proof of his Empyrean lineage. I wonder, does Miquella the Kind intend to sever his very birthright? His fate as a child of the Erdtree?
I challenged Tender Miquella, only to have my own heart rather artfully stolen. I knew not how weak I was. I believed that with sufficient mastery, even an Empyrean would be within reach of my blade.
I could not have been more mistaken… Miquella the Kind... is a monster. Pure and radiant, he wields love to shrive clean the hearts of men. There is nothing more terrifying.
Empyreans (神人, Shinjin ) are special beings that are capable of becoming gods of a new age [ 1 ] and forging a new order that governs the world. [ 2 ] One such way in which they can achieve this is by becoming the vessel of the Elden Ring .
The most prominent Empyrean is Queen Marika, a Numen who became the vessel of the Elden Ring , using it to found the Golden Order .
Malenia and Miquella were born of a single god, which is indicated to be the reason that they were eligible to claim the title of Empyrean, and for the afflictions they were born with. [ 3 ] It is likely that this is due to their parents, Marika and Radagon , being two parts of one god. Malenia is an example of an Empyrean who can become a god without being vessel to the Elden Ring, as she will become a goddess upon blooming a third time. [ 4 ] It is unknown if other Empyreans possess their own means of godhood without the Elden Ring.
Lunar Princess Ranni is an Empyrean, and the daughter of Radagon and Queen Rennala of the Full Moon , suggesting that being born of a single god is not a strict requirement to be an Empyrean.
Malenia, Miquella, and Ranni, were selected during the Age of the Erdtree by their own Two Fingers to be candidates to succeed Marika. [ 1 ]
During the reign of Queen Marika, and at least the time immediately preceding it, Empyreans were chosen by the Two Fingers . [ 1 ] The Two Fingers grant Empyreans shadowbound beasts , also known as "shadows", to serve as loyal vassals. [ 5 ] Though incapable of treachery, shadows, against their own will, go mad if their masters resist the will of the Fingers, becoming a curse for their Empyrean. [ 6 ] The only two shadowbound beasts currently known are Maliketh, the Black Blade , who serves Marika, and Blaidd the Half-Wolf , who serves Ranni.
The consort of an Empyrean holds the title of lord. [ 7 ] Mohg wished to take the role of monarch by becoming the consort of Miquella, whom he wished to raise to full godhood, despite Miquella already having chosen Radahn as his consort. [ 8 ] The Tarnished may also gain the title of Lord by becoming the consort of Marika [ 9 ] or Ranni. [ 10 ]
The currently known Empyreans are:
Queen Marika the Eternal [ 11 ]
Ranni the Witch [ 1 ]
Malenia, Blade of Miquella [ 1 ]
Miquella of the Haligtree [ 1 ]
The Gloam-Eyed Queen [ 12 ]
Elden Ring (concept)
It is implied that Dragonlord Placidusax's unnamed god was also an Empyrean who was once vessel to the Elden Ring, apropos to his own title as Elden Lord. [ 13 ]
" Empyrean " refers to the highest heaven in ancient and medieval cosmology, usually consisting of fire or light. It can also refer to the firmament, or heavens, or an ideal place or state. [ 14 ]
In Japanese, Empyreans are referred to as 神人 (Shinjin), literally meaning "Divine Person", or "God-like Person." [ 15 ]

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Godwyn the Golden
Godwyn the Golden is a prominent background character in Elden Ring . He was a demigod and the son of Queen Marika the Eternal and Godfrey the First Elden Lord , making him a central member of the royal Golden Lineage. In the Night of the Black Knives , he was assassinated by Black Knife Assassins with the use of daggers imbued with the Rune of Death, stolen from Maliketh, the Black Blade . As the first of the demigods to fall, only his soul perished in the attack; his living corpse was entombed deep beneath the Erdtree, where it eventually twisted into the Prince of Death and began spreading Deathroot across the realm. His unprecedented death would precipitate the Shattering, a devastating war between the demigods which would be responsible for much of the current state of the Lands Between.
The rune of death was stolen. And the demigods began to fall, starting with Godwyn the Golden.
General Information of Godwyn the Golden
Godwyn the Golden Locations
Godwyn the Golden Notes & Trivia
Godwyn the Golden Lore
Lore Items Related to Godwyn the Golden
Dialogue Related to Godwyn the Golden
Godwyn the Golden Gallery
Godwyn the Golden was a scion of the so-called "Golden Line", of which Godrick the Grafted was the final descendant. Early in his mother's divine reign, the Erdtree came under assault by the Ancient Dragons , who had ruled the world before Marika's ascent. The forces of the Erdtree managed to triumph against the ancient dragons, with Godwyn prevailing against the dreaded Fortissax , earning the mighty dragon's friendship in the process and beginning the ancient dragon cult in Leyndell.
Seeking to be free from her fate as a pawn of the Greater Will, Godwyn's half-sister Lunar Princess Ranni stole a fragment of the rune of death, imbuing the weapons of Numen assassins with the rune. Ranni wished to shed her Empyrean body but preserve her spirit, which meant that someone else's spirit would need to die.  Nevertheless, when the assassins fell upon the Royal Capital and murdered Godwyn, his soul was destroyed and left only his soulless body behind. He was the first demigod in history to die since the ascension of Marika to the throne of the Lands Between.
Godwyn's death would be the catalyst for the Shattering of the Elden Ring, plunging the kingdom into chaos without the guidance of the Greater Will . Due to Ranni's ritual, Godwyn's flesh was branded with half of the Cursemark of Death and he became the first of Those Who Live in Death . His body was laid to rest deep in the roots of the Erdtree, but it would eventually corrupt it, leading Deathroot to sprout across the Lands Between, causing others to also rise in undeath. These undead worshipped Godwyn as the Prince of Death, believing he would eventually return and lead them. An aspect of Godwyn's corpse appeared in the depths of Stormveil Castle and is responsible for the loss of Rogier 's legs. Many figures, including his half-brother Miquella and his companion Fortissax , tried to cure him of his condition and allow him a proper death (see Golden Epitaph ), but to no avail. Fortissax would also become corrupted because of his failure to defeat the Death within Godwyn (see Remembrance of the Lichdragon ).
The deathbed companion Fia would become a leading figure among Those Who Live in Death, eventually making her way to Godwyn's corpse. Having received the other half of the cursemark from Ranni's discarded body with help of the Tarnished, Fia lay with Godwyn to grant him a second life as the Prince of Death. As a result of their union, Fia conceived a rune , which a Tarnished seeking to become Elden Lord might use to mend the Elden Ring, reimbuing the principle of death within the Golden Order.
Throughout the game, players can encounter Godwyn's corpse in multiple locations. His main body rests at the Prince of Death's Throne, located in a shallow pool of purple water at the base of a tainted root in the Deeproot Depths. Additionally, Godwyn's cadaver surrogates can be found at the Fog Rift Catacombs , Scorpion River Catacombs , and Stormveil Castle .
There is a statue in the Haligtree of an adult figure hugging the twin empyreans Malenia and Miquella . This is most likely Godwyn as the crown is too dissimilar to Marika's. Based on the available information, Godwyn was likely to have had a close relationship with the twins.
Godwyn's face appears on the back of some crabs.
A sword made to commemorate the death of Godwyn the Golden, first of the demigods to die.
Infused with the humble prayer of a young boy; "O brother, lord brother, please die a true death."
Cursemark carved into the discarded flesh of Ranni the Witch. Also known as the half-wheel wound of the centipede.
This cursemark was carved at the moment of Death of the first demigod, and should have taken the shape of a circle.
However, two demigods perished at the same time, breaking the cursemark into two half-wheels.
Ranni was the first of the demigods whose flesh perished, while the Prince of Death perished in soul alone.
Remembrance of Lichdragon Fortissax, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
After Godwyn the Golden became the Prince of Death, the ancient dragon fought long and hard against the Death within its companion. Alas, victory was never achieved and its only reward was corruption.
Incantation that channels the power of the ancient dragon Fortissax, now corrupted by Death. Strikes surroundings with a storm of Death lightning. Inflicts Death blight upon foes. Charging extends duration of the storm. It is said that this golden lightning was wielded by Godwyn, who befriended Fortissax.
One of the incantations of the capital's ancient dragon cult. Summons a lightning spear and hurls it before the caster. Charging causes a lightning bolt to strike the point of impact. Long ago, Godwyn the Golden defeated the ancient dragon Fortissax, and befriended his fallen foe — an event that gave rise to the ancient dragon cult in the capital.
Dagger once belonging to one of the assassins who murdered Godwyn the Golden on the Night of the Black Knives.
A ritual performed on the oddly misshapen blade imbued it with the power of the stolen Rune of Death.
A fetid pustule taken from facial flesh. Raises vitality.
It is said that this pustule came from the visage of the Prince of Death, he who used to be called Godwyn. As First Dead of the demigods, it's said he's buried deep under the capital, at the Erdtree's roots.
A fetid, overgrown cyst taken from facial flesh. Greatly raises vitality.
It is said that this cyst came from the corrupted visage of one unable to die a true Death. Indeed, it comes from the Prince of Death, scion of the golden bough and First of the Dead among the demigods.
Set the lusterless sun ablaze with the Prince of Death's flames, inflicting the death ailment upon foes.
Follow up with an additional input to bring down the armament, triggering an explosion.
Golden armor of the Death Knights, adorned with an antiquated depiction of the Erdtree. Enhances skills and incantations of the capital's ancient dragon cult.
These knights, once Godwyn's personal guard, quested to find their transfigured master's cadaver surrogate—for the coming age of the Duskborn.
A long-hafted golden axe wielded by the Death Knight. Bears a representation of a decayed golden ring. Crackles with lightning, the power of the capital's ancient dragon cult.
The knight, once the personal guard of Godwyn, was also the protector of the Prince of Death's cadaver surrogate.
A medallion with crimson amber inlaid. Boosts maximum HP by the utmost.
The Erdtree's old sap becomes amber, treasured as the most precious of jewels in the age of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
These medallions, of the largest variety, were conferred to Godwyn's inner circle of distinguished golden knights.
The misshapen corpse under Stormveil? That is a sacred relic. Of the black knives plot. As that famed night of assassination is known. It happened during the Golden Age of the Erdtree, long before the shattering of the Elden Ring. Someone stole a fragment of the Rune of Death from Maliketh, the Black Blade. And on a bitter night, murdered Godwyn the Golden. That was the first recorded Death of a demigod in all history. And it became the catalyst. Soon, the Elden Ring was smashed, and thus sprang forth the war known as the Shattering.
Ohh... Oh, Lord Godwyn... Such cruelty, such humiliation... My poor, sweet lordling should have died a true death. As the first of the demigods to die. As a martyr to Destined Death. But why must it yet bring such disgrace? A scion of the golden bough, sentenced to live in Death...
When Godwyn died, a hallowbrand scored his flesh. But another exists. Another mark in the shape of the half-wheel wound of the centipede. And I must find it. Before the time comes we receive our Lord. My hands will be dirtied once more by the deed. Will you still let me hold you, even then?
This...is the other hallowbrand. How did you... Oh, my utmost thanks. With this, Godwyn can take his rightful place as First of the Dead. And claim a second, illustrious life. You are my-- our true champion. And though I can't be of any use to you... Can I hold you tight, if only for a moment?
I will soon lay with Godwyn. And it will surely stir within me. The new life of the golden prince, and first Dead of the demigods, as the rune of Those Who Live in Death. Please, do one thing for me. Brandish this child, my rune, and take for yourself the throne. Stay the persecution of Those Who Live in Death. By becoming our Elden Lord.
On a night of wint'ry fog, the rune of Death was stolen. And the demigods began to fall, starting with Godwyn the Golden.
- Elden Ring, Story Trailer
Godwyn the Golden was a demigod and son of Queen Marika the Eternal and Godfrey, First Elden Lord . On the Night of Black Knives , he was murdered by the Black Knife Assassins who used ritual daggers imbued with a fragment of the Rune of Death . [ 1 ]
1 Overview 1.1 Life 1.2 Death 1.3 Prince of Death
Godwyn was the son of Queen Marika the Eternal and her consort and first Elden Lord , Godfrey , making him a scion of the so-called "Golden Lineage", of which Godrick the Grafted was the final descendant. [ 2 ]
During his mother's reign, the Erdtree came under assault by the Dragons, [ 3 ] who had ruled the world before Marika's ascent. The forces of the Erdtree managed to triumph against the dragons, with Godwyn prevailing against the dreaded Fortissax , earning the mighty dragon's friendship in the process. [ 4 ]
This friendship between former foes led to the establishment of the capital ’s Ancient Dragon Cult, [ 5 ] in which Leyndell Knights could learn dragon incantations. Fortissax’s own sister, the dragon Lansseax , took the form of a human to commune with the knights as a priestess of the cult. [ 6 ] The cult was allowed within the Golden Order since its seal , and lightning itself, were both imbued with gold. [ 7 ] The red-hued incantations were also taught in secret. [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
Godwyn would eventually meet his end during the Night of Black Knives. [ 10 ] Seeking to be free from her fate as a pawn of the Greater Will , Godwyn's step-sister Lunar Princess Ranni stole a fragment of the Rune of Death from Maliketh , imbuing the weapons of Numen assassins with it through a fearsome rite. [ 11 ] His death was the first recorded death of a demigod, and served as the catalyst for the shattering of the Elden Ring and the subsequent war that broke out between his siblings and stepsiblings.
While Godwyn was believed to be the first dead among the demigods, he and Ranni both died at the same time. As a result, each was branded with one half of the Cursemark of Death . Ranni's flesh perished while Godwyn perished in soul alone. [ 12 ] He was buried at the Erdtree's roots below Leyndell , [ 13 ] but as he was lacking a soul, his body was unable to die a true death. [ 14 ] Some, including his younger half-brother Miquella [ 15 ] [ 16 ] and his companion Fortissax, tried to cure him of his condition and allow him a proper death, but to no avail. The ancient dragon Fortissax would unsuccessfully try to fight against the Death within Godwyn, but was ultimately corrupted by the blight, becoming a Lichdragon. [ 17 ] Godwyn's personal guard became known as the Death Knights , and quested for their master's cadaver surrogates [ 18 ] , which would lead them to the catacombs of the Realm of Shadow .
The living body, lacking a soul and unable to die a true death, transformed into an unrecognisable abberation, and became known as the Prince of Death. Deathroot sprouted from it, spreading across the Lands Between through the roots of the Erdtree, and giving rise to Those Who Live in Death . [ 19 ]
The deathbed companion Fia would become a leading figure among Those Who Live in Death, eventually making her way to the Prince's throne . With the help from a Tarnished champion , Fia gathers the other two halves of the cursemark, one from Ranni's discarded body and the other from Godwyn's body, and she then lays with Godwyn to grant him a second life as the Prince of Death. As a result of their union, Fia conceived a rune which a champion seeking to become Elden Lord might use to mend the Elden Ring , introducing the principle of life within death into the Golden Order . [ 20 ]
Items associated with:
The Prince of Death's Pustule and Prince of Death's Cyst feature his face multiplying.

---

area: Mohgwyn Palace
chapter: 23
name: Formless Mother
"The Mother of Truth desires a wound."
- Bloodfiend's Sacred Spear
The Formless Mother (姿なき母, Sugata-naki Haha ), also known as Mother of Truth (真実の母, Shinjitsu no Haha ), [ 1 ] is an unseen character in ELDEN RING (2022) .
The Formless Mother is an Outer God who was encountered by Mohg deep underground. She is known to crave wounds, and to bestow power upon accursed blood. [ 2 ] Her body can be pierced using Mohgwyn's Sacred Spear , causing the weapon to become coated in Bloodflame, or an arm can be thrust into her body in order to scatter Bloodflame on the ground, using the incantation Bloodboon .
Long ago, the Formless Mother was discovered by a subjugated tribe in the ravages of war, and were subsequently transformed into Bloodfiends . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] Much like Mohg, the Bloodfiends made use of a sacred spear to commune with the Formless Mother. [ 5 ] A delicacy of the bloodfiends, the blood from Sacred Bloody Flesh is said to have fallen from the Formless Mother's wound. Never will it dry, never will it rot. [ 6 ]
The Mother's designation as "Formless" resembles the title of a Great One (conceptually similar to an Outer God) that is indirectly featured in the From Software game Bloodborne , called "Formless Oedon" (姿なきオドン, Sugata-naki Odon ). In fact, both entities are strongly associated with blood.

---

area: Mountaintops of the Giants
chapter: 21
name: Fell God
The fell god still lurks within the Fire Giants.
- Flame of the Fell God
The fell god , [ 1 ] also known as the one-eyed god , [ 2 ] is an unseen character in ELDEN RING (2022) . It is the source of the Giants' Flame and Giants' Flame Incantations .
The fell god is an ancient deity worshiped by the Fire Giants . It is commonly referred to with a myriad of derogatory terms by the inhabitants of the Lands Between , such as the "corrupt", "grotesque", "malformed", "fell" or "evil" god of the Fire Giants. It is represented in the visage of a single eye with a fiery-orange iris and nine pupils within.
It physically manifests itself in the shape of a grotesque face in the torsos of its followers, channeling its power through them, its greatest flames emerging from its mouth (commonly located in the host giant's stomach) along with the undying flames found seeded within their giant black forge enabling its followers to develop innumerable fire incantations .
The fell god of fire has been around for a long time and predates the Erdtree . It was a dreaded figure in the old legends of the hornsent of Enir-Ilim . [ 3 ] It was worshiped by the Fire Giants, [ 2 ] who it cursed for eternity to tend the Flame within the Forge of the Giants . [ 1 ]
The powers of the Flame were once deemed as a threat to the Erdtree by Queen Marika and the Golden Order and thus they waged a bloody War Against the Giants . Once the Fire Giants were defeated, [ 1 ] Queen Marika realized the fires of their forge could not die and thus sealed it away, [ 4 ] reducing its once formidable flame into mere embers and cursing the last surviving Fire Giant to keep them so for all eternity. [ 5 ]
Even then, after countless years, innumerable Prophets would be haunted by visions of its flames consuming the Erdtree. [ 6 ] And the one-eyed god still lurks dormant within its subjects, [ 7 ] on the cusp of being awakened at any moment with a sufficient sacrificial offering.
The Furnace Golems , One-Eyed Shield , and Fire Monk Armor were created in the image of the fell god.
The fell god was said to possess curled horns. [ 3 ]
Eight small pupils encircle the central pupil of the fell god's eye. This distinctive pattern appears on the Divine Towers , with some pillar reliefs featuring central cavities filled with glowing meteorite ore. The Troll's Hammer also displays the nine-circle design, used by giants during an age when smithing held divine significance. [ 8 ] The Verdigris Discus shares this pattern with the fell god's eye. Verdigris, believed to be a gift from an outer god , [ 9 ] also appears on the talismans and great dish carried by the Fire Giant . This pattern is also seen on the One-Eyed Shield, Furnace Visage , Verdigris Armor , and Verdigris Greaves .
This distinctive pattern appears on the Divine Towers , with some pillar reliefs featuring central cavities filled with glowing meteorite ore.
The Troll's Hammer also displays the nine-circle design, used by giants during an age when smithing held divine significance. [ 8 ]
The Verdigris Discus shares this pattern with the fell god's eye. Verdigris, believed to be a gift from an outer god , [ 9 ] also appears on the talismans and great dish carried by the Fire Giant .
This pattern is also seen on the One-Eyed Shield, Furnace Visage , Verdigris Armor , and Verdigris Greaves .
The fell god’s Flame was said to cleanse the body of poison and scarlet rot . [ 10 ]
The sun medallion on the Dung Eater 's Omen Armor resembles the Furnace Visage. Red hair appears to grow from the severed Omen horns.
Red hair grows on many of its followers.
Items related to or referencing the One-Eyed God
Remembrance of the Fire Giant
Giantsflame Take Thee
Flame, Fall Upon Them
Flame of the Fell God
Flame, Grant Me Strength
Blackflame Monk Armor
In an act of desperation, the Fire Giant offers his leg as sacrifice to awaken the one-eyed god.
The one-eyed god erupting fire through the mouth found in the stomach of the fire giant.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Two Fingers
The Two Fingers are a manifestation of the Greater Will . The Two Fingers act as a destiny to the demigods , choosing the path which they must take. They are the main manifestation of the Greater Will in the game, besides Elden Beast . The Two Fingers have responsibilities include selecting Empyrean candidates to inherit the Elden Ring, furnishing these candidates with shadowbound beasts, and offering wisdom to the Tarnished through Finger Readers . You can find a total of seven Two Fingers throughout the game, the only one found alive is in the Roundtable Hold , interpreted by Enia . There are Two Fingers for almost every demi-god in the game, except Morgott and Mohg , who share Two Fingers . There is also no Two Finger for Messmer , Melina , or Miquella . Miquella and Malenia might share a Two Finger like Morgott and Mohg but it is currently unknown.
After killing Morgott and inspecting the thorns, you discover that you must burn the Erdtree to enter. The Two Fingers will then point straight up in an attempt to contact the Greater Will. Once you kill a demigod and receive a Great Rune , it will be shown as powerless. To activate its power you must restore it at the demigod's respective Two Fingers . In Ranni's quest, you have to hunt down and obtain the Fingerslayer Blade . The Fingerslayer Blade allows for the Two Fingers to be killed. At the end of Ranni's quest, it is revealed that she used it to slay her Two Fingers , therefore changing her destiny. Ranni's Two Fingers are the only ones not to be found in a Divine Tower , besides the one at the Roundtable Hold.
See Two Fingers Lore
Two Fingers Locations/Where to Find in Elden Ring
Dialogue in Elden Ring: Two Fingers from Enia
Elden Ring Two Fingers Notes & Trivia
Lore Items Related to Two Fingers
Dialogue Related to Two Fingers
The Two Fingers can be found at
Deceased Two Fingers can be found at
Cathedral of Manus Celes
Divine Tower of Limgrave
Divine Tower of Caelid
Divine Tower of East Altus
Divine Tower of West Altus
Isolated Divine Tower
"Great Elden Ring, root of the Golden Order. Anchor of all lands, giver of grave, wellspring of all joy. Until it was shattered. The tragic corruption of the Order has taken its toll. Across the realm, life lies in ruin. Fallen to pieces. Foul curses and misery spread, unabating. But the Greater Will has not abandoned the realm, nor the life that inhabits it. So it is that the Tarnished are guided by grace. Called to act. Brave Tarnished, your Great Rune is a handsome shard of the Elden Ring. Seek another of its kind. To become Elden Lord, and restore the Golden Order."
When asked about Great Runes
"The Greater Will has long renounced the demigods. Tarnished, show no mercy. Have their heads. Take all they have left"
Upon claiming two Great Runes
"Fine work, brave Tarnished. The Greater Will is pleased. You have earned the right to become Elden Lord. Now, seek the Erdtree, and an audience with Queen Marika. To become Elden Lord, and restore the Golden Order."
When asked about Queen Marika
"Marika's trespass demanded a heavy sentence. But even in shackles, she remains a god, and the vision's vessel. Confer Great Runes to become Elden Lord, and join Queen Marika as her consort. The Fingers have willed it so"
Touching the Two Fingers for the first time gives you the Rapture gesture .
Some characters such as Varre and Count Ymir believe that when the Elden Ring was shattered, the Two Fingers lost their guidance.
The Two Fingers never truly speak, instead, they use Finger Reader Enia to communicate before eventually becoming still.
There are Two Fingers for every demigod with a few exceptions, such as Miquella or Messmer . It is possible that Malenia and Miquella share Two Fingers like Mohg and Morgott do.
As revealed in the Shadow of the Erdtree expansion, all Two Fingers and Fingercreepers originated from Metyr, Mother of Fingers , a gleaming entity that was the first shooting star to fall upon the Lands Between.
Helm fashioned from a crystal looking-glass. One among the Eternal City's ritual implements. Easily broken and weak against striking attacks.
Worn by those commited to high treason, it wards off the intervention of the Greater Will and its vassal Fingers.
Hidden sword once granted to the Tarnished of the Roundtable by the Two Fingers. A formless cipher comprises its blade, which deals holy damage no shield can repel.
Champions would gather at the Roundtable Hold in days long past, when the Two Fingers were masters of oration, their flesh yet full of vigor.
Unique Skill : Unblockable Blade
Imbue the cipher blade with light, extending its length, then strike with a sudden sweeping attack. This attack cannot be blocked.
Incantation taught to Gideon the All-Knowing by the Two Fingers.
Greatly increases holy damage negation for the caster and nearby allies. Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
Gideon gained true knowledge after his long exchange with the Two Fingers—discovering all had been broken long ago; that the trembling fingers, bent with age, and the Erdtree itself, were no exception.
One of the weapons originating from the Two Fingers.
A formless sequence of ciphers comprise its blade, and as such no shield can repel it. Deals holy damage.
The furtive inscription appears to hang in the air; the language of light spoken by the Two Fingers.
Black leather armor for blending in with the darkness. Worn by church confessors.
The churches outside the Lands Between, dedicated to the teachings of the Two Fingers, send confessors out to follow the guidance of grace.
The confessors are loyal servants to the Two Fingers, ready to hunt down and quietly dispose of their enemies.
Bludgeon made of an enormous finger sheathed in several heavy rings. Thought to have been cut from an ancestor of the Fingercreeper.
Some life yet remains in this legacy of an ancient act of blasphemy, as evidenced by the barely perceptible warmth it still exudes.
Remembrance of Metyr, the Mother of Fingers, hewn into the Scadutree. The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
The mother of all Two Fingers and Fingercreepers was in turn a magnificently gleaming daughter of the Greater Will, and the first shooting star to fall upon the Lands Between.
"I interpret the words of the Fingers, envoys to the Greater Will."
"Look there. The Fingers tremble. To welcome you, shardbearer. Let their wisdom wash over you."
"I was once an Empyrean. Of the demigods, only I, Miquella, and Malenia could claim that title. Each of us was chosen by our own Two Fingers, as a candidate to succeed Queen Marika, to become the new god of the coming age."
Which is when I received Blaidd. In the form of a vassal tailored for an Empyrean."
"The words of the Two Fingers cannot be trusted. Truly, naught but rambling, senile delusions. I believe, that when the Elden Ring was shattered, the Two Fingers were corrupted, their guidance; skewed. Even worse, the Fingers harbor no love for our kind. That's the part that irks the most."
Do you recall what I said? That Marika, and the fingers that guided her, were unsound from the start. Well, the truth lies deeper still. It is their mother who is damaged and unhinged.
The fingers are but unripe children. Victims in their own right. We all need a mother, do we not? A new mother, a true mother, who will not give birth to further malady.
Fingers cannot speak, yet these were eloquent. Persistently did they wriggle, spelling out mysteries in the air. Thus did we gain the words. The words of our faith .
- Two Fingers Heirloom
The Two Fingers are NPC characters in ELDEN RING (2022) . They serve as vassals to the Greater Will in the Lands Between . [ 2 ]
1 Overview 1.1 Appearance 1.2 Background
Two Fingers have an appearance resembling part of a giant hand, with a slight indentation in the “palm”, and two finger-like appendages on the top, hence their name.
The Two Fingers are the children of Metyr, Mother of Fingers , [ 3 ] and serve as divine envoys of the Greater Will. [ 4 ] They are responsible for selecting Empyreans , [ 5 ] granting them shadowbound beasts , [ 6 ] and guiding their path toward inheriting the Elden Ring . The Fingers were present when the Empyrean Marika wove the Erdtree into existence from the primordial Crucible of life. [ 7 ] [ 1 ] [ 8 ]
In the past, the Fingers were masters of oration, their wisdom attracting champions to Roundtable Hold . [ 9 ] They were said to communicate using a language of light, [ 10 ] composed of intangible symbols that appeared to hang in the air. These inscriptions could be fashioned into weapons such as the Cipher Pata and the Coded Sword . The Two Fingers are also the source of Two Fingers Incantations and possess the ability to restore the blessings of the Great Runes atop the ancient Divine Towers .
The Fingers are attended by Finger Readers , who interpret their wisdom for the Tarnished, those to whom Grace has returned. [ 11 ] Churches dedicated to the Two Fingers exist beyond the Lands Between, served by confessors who hunt down their enemies. [ 12 ] While some Tarnished remain faithful, the Fingers are now believed to be corrupted and senile, [ 13 ] having been broken along with the Erdtree long ago. [ 14 ]
One living Two Fingers can be found in Roundtable Hold, behind a set of doors that remain closed until the Tarnished champion acquires their first Great Rune. They will be at the back of the chamber with Finger Reader Enia sitting close by. The Two Fingers here appears to be in a state of decay, missing patches of skin with exposed flesh on its body and “fingers”.
There are several Two Fingers that can be found throughout the Lands Between . They can be found at the top of the Divine Towers littered about the world, however, they appear to have long since died through unknown means.
The Two Fingers cannot be attacked or killed through any means during normal gameplay. They can only be harmed by the Fingerslayer Blade , wielded by someone with a destined fate.
They can only be harmed by the Fingerslayer Blade , wielded by someone with a destined fate.
The individuals known to have been named Empyrean by the Two Fingers include Malenia , Miquella , Ranni , the Gloam-Eyed Queen , and Queen Marika herself.
The Finger Mimic mushrooms were known as the "stillborn of the Two Fingers." [ 15 ] These fungi were harvested and consumed by the finger-weavers for their hallucinogenic properties.
Many characters distrust the Two Fingers: Count Ymir believes that the Fingers are themselves flawed, that the instructions they give do not come from the Greater Will but instead from the Finger's belief in what the Greater Will says. [ 16 ] [ 17 ] Patches ridicules the Fingers. [ 18 ] Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing believes the purpose for the Two Fingers was lost long ago. [ 19 ] White Mask Varré views the Two Fingers in a poor light, believing they had fallen into madness and lost their purpose after the Greater Will abandoned the Lands Between. [ 13 ]
Count Ymir believes that the Fingers are themselves flawed, that the instructions they give do not come from the Greater Will but instead from the Finger's belief in what the Greater Will says. [ 16 ] [ 17 ]
Patches ridicules the Fingers. [ 18 ]
Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing believes the purpose for the Two Fingers was lost long ago. [ 19 ]
White Mask Varré views the Two Fingers in a poor light, believing they had fallen into madness and lost their purpose after the Greater Will abandoned the Lands Between. [ 13 ]
Although the Two Fingers do not speak directly, their words are relayed by Finger Reader Enia at certain points in the game.
Cinquedea , a weapon representing five digits.
Elden Beast , another vassal of the Greater Will .
Four-Toed Fowl Foot , a material representing four digits.
Lamprey , an enemy that casts Finger sorceries .
Metyr, Mother of Fingers , the mother of the Two Fingers.
Three Fingers , a counterpart that serves the Frenzied Flame and One Great .
Twinbird , another two-headed envoy of the divine .

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Three Fingers
Three Fingers is an NPC in Elden Ring . Three Fingers is an integral part of The Lord of Frenzied Flame ending and can be found near the Cathedral of the Forsaken , below the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds . There they pass on the unspeakable message of the Frenzied Flame .
See Three Fingers Lore
Seek audience with the Three Fingers and the flame of frenzy. If you inherit the flame of frenzy, your flesh will serve as kindling and the girl can be spared ...setting you on the righteous path of lordship. — Shabriri
Three Fingers can be found near the Cathedral of the Forsaken , below the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds . You will need to remove your armor to open the door.
This NPC does not move and cannot be interacted with outside of the cutscene where it gives you the Flame of Frenzy .
Finding Three Fingers will imbue the character with the Flame of Frenzy which unlocks the Lord of the Frenzied Flame ending. See Endings page.  Interacting with the Three Fingers will also affect the character with large burn scars across their body as well as burning yellow eyes, these can be toggled on or off at Fia's cosmetic mirror in Roundtable Hold or by selecting cosmetics while speaking to Rennala in the Raya Lucaria Grand Library.
Note: Removing the cosmetics will not remove the Flame of Frenzy nor will it affect the ending.
Note: The player's burning yellow eyes are removed from their eye sockets when they are not the host.
Note: Receiving the Flame of Frenzy will prompt Melina to leave your party thinking that you are no longer fit. She will also threaten to kill the player should they become the Lord of Frenzy. She does not appear in the final cutscene if she sacrificed herself to the Flame of Ruin.
By completing Hyetta's questline you will be rewarded with the Frenzied Flame Seal when you speak with her after interacting with the Three Fingers and acquiring the Flame of Frenzy .  She will disappear, leaving the seal in her place as well as 5 Frenzyflame Stones .
after the interaction between the player and the three fingers, they will mark your character skin and eyes, it can be removed. Once removed you can't restore the yellow eyes.
Meeting with the Three Fingers will lock you out of all other ending choices, unless Miquella's Needle is used at Dragonlord Placidusax's arena at Crumbling Farum Azula. This removes the Frenzied Flame, and is a permanent reversal. Players don't need to kill Dragonlord Placidusax, just by entering the arena and using Miquella's Needle is enough. It can be done after fighting the dragon, since you can still access the area.
Incantation originating from the maddening Three Fingers.
Causes the yellow flame of frenzy to burst forth from the caster's eyes. Charging increases the range of the burst.
The flame of frenzy deals damage and causes buildup of madness. This incantation also causes buildup of madness in the caster, and is only effective against Tarnished.
A great stone shield with an intricately carved fingerprint design.
One of the heaviest of all greatshields.
Part of the tomb of an ancient god, the Readerless Fingers relayed their message through these imprints, said to be the very seeds from which frenzy first sprouted.
War spear singed and blistered by fingers, used by Vyke, Knight of the Roundtable Hold.
Like Vyke himself, it has been tormented by the yellow flame of frenzy from within.
Eyeball of the knight Vyke, inflamed yellow. Seared with a repulsive fingerprint burn akin to those that marred his entire body.
If offered to the blind maiden, it will lead her to the source of the distant light, allowing her to become a Finger Maiden.
Formless sacred seal bestowed by the maiden of the Three Fingers. Enhances incantations of the frenzied flame.
This seal is the mark of the Lord of Frenzied Flame. Scales incantations using strength, dexterity, intelligence, and faith all together.
One of the unalloyed gold needles that Miquella crafted to ward away the meddling of outer gods.
Capable of subduing the flame of frenzy if inherited, allowing one to cheat fate and avoid becoming Lord of Frenzied Flame.
However, the needle is as yet unfinished and can only be used in the heart of the storm beyond time said to be found in Farum Azula.
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot. A cocktail of Frenzied Flame materials is sealed inside.
Throw at enemies to cause buildup of madness.
The flame of frenzy burns the eyes, but tranquility follows in its wake. May this pot bring salvation to those it strikes.
Remembrance of Metyr, the Mother of Fingers, hewn into the Scadutree. The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
The mother of all Two Fingers and Fingercreepers was in turn a magnificently gleaming daughter of the Greater Will, and the first shooting star to fall upon the Lands Between.
An eyeball of the frenzied flame that has swollen from within. Material used for crafting items.
Exceedingly rare to find. Marked with fingerprint burns, proof of having being touched directly by the Three Fingers' embrace.
The Three Fingers (三本指, Sanbonyubi ) are a mysterious entity that act as the vassal of the Frenzied Flame, the incarnation of chaos. They seek to imbue a host with the Frenzied Flame curse, that they might become the Lord of Frenzy and destroy the world, returning it to the primal state of chaos from before the Greater Will fractured the One Great .
As its name implies, the Three Fingers are an entity that appears as a vaguely humanoid hand with three finger-like appendages, similar to that of the Greater Will’s Two Fingers . However, unlike the former, the Three Fingers appear to be burned and smoldering, as they embody the curse of the Frenzied Flame.
Three Fingers can be located at the very bottom of the Subterranean Shunning Grounds, behind an Illusory Wall located at the back of the Cathedral of the Forsaken. There will be a door that can only be opened if the player removes all the clothes from their character. The Three Fingers will be behind the door, in a small chamber.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Deathroot
Deathroot is a Key Item in Elden Ring . Gurranq Beast Clergyman seeks and devours these. Key Items in Elden Ring include a wide variety of items found in specific locations or given by a related NPC , which are used to unlock areas, quests, and to further progress the game's story.
A source that gives rise to Those Who Live in Death.
The beast clergyman, found at Bestial Sanctum in the distant east, collects and devours these roots.
On the night of the dire plot the stolen Rune of Death enabled the first Death of a demigod. Later, the Rune of Death spread across the Lands Between through the underground roots of the Greattree, sprouting in the form of Deathroot.
Limgrave , chest behind the Black Knife Assassin in the Deathtouched Catacombs . [ Map link ]
Limgrave , kill Tibia Mariner at Summonwater Village . [ Map link ]
Liurnia of the Lakes , chest behind the Cemetery Shade in the Black Knife Catacombs . [ Map link ]
Liurnia of the Lakes , kill Tibia Mariner at East Liurnia of the Lakes. [ Map link ]
Altus Plateau, kill Tibia Mariner at Wyndham Ruins . [ Map link ]
Mt. Gelmir , chest behind the Red Wolf of the Champion at Gelmir Hero's Grave . [ Map link ]
Mountaintops of the Giants , kill Tibia Mariner on a ledge between Castle Sol Main Gate and Snow Valley Ruins Overlook. [ Map link ]
Mountaintops of the Giants , chest after defeating the Stray Mimic Tear in the secret catacombs underneath the Hidden Path to the Haligtree . See the dungeon page for details on how to reach the boss. [ Map link ]
Mountaintops of the Giants , chest after defeating the Ulcerated Tree Spirit boss inside the Giants' Mountaintop Catacombs . [ Map link ]
Can be traded to Gurranq, Beast Clergyman for diverse items. See his page for a list of rewards.
The Tibia Mariner at Summonwater Village is the weakest one, so it is recommended that you fight this one first if you want a Deathroot early on. [ Map link ]
Deathroots are a key item in ELDEN RING (2022) . They can be given to Gurranq, Beast Clergyman , who will eat them and reward the player with a variety of items in return.
A source that gives rise to Those Who Live in Death .
The Beast Clergyman, found at Bestial Sanctum in the distant east , collects and devours these roots.
On the night of the dire plot the stolen Rune of Death enabled the first Death of a demigod . Later, the Rune of Death spread across the Lands Between through the underground roots of the Greattree , sprouting in the form of Deathroot.
Deathroot can be acquired in the following places:
Defeating the Tibia Mariner in Summonwater Village in Limgrave.
Deathtouched Catacombs at Stormhill in Limgrave , in a chest after defeating the Black Knife Assassin boss.
Defeating the Tibia Mariner in eastern Liurnia of the Lakes .
Black Knife Catacombs in eastern Liurnia of the Lakes, in a chest after defeating the Cemetery Shade boss.
Defeating the Tibia Mariner in western Altus Plateau near Wyndham Catacombs .
Gelmir Hero's Grave at Mt. Gelmir , in a chest after defeating the Red Wolf of the Champion boss.
Giants' Mountaintop Catacombs on Mountaintops of the Giants , in a chest after defeating the Ulcerated Tree Spirit boss.
Defeating the Tibia Mariner in Mountaintops of the Giants in the graveyard on the way to Castle Sol .
Hidden Path to the Haligtree in Forbidden Lands , in a chest after defeating the Stray Mimic Tear boss.
In the original Japanese text, the Greattree doesn't exist as a proper noun. Its roots are simply "great" or "large tree roots" (大樹根, taijune.) [ 1 ]

---

area: Enir-Ilim
chapter: 34
name: Miquella
Miquella, also known as Miquella the Kind or Kindly Miquella , is a background character in Elden Ring and a central character in Shadow of the Erdtree . One of the Empyrean children born from the union of Queen Marika and Radagon , he is the twin brother of Malenia , together known as the Twin Prodigies. It is revealed that Miquella has stripped himself of his flesh and Empyrean lineage in the Land of Shadow , a place obscured by the Erdtree and purged in an unsung war.
My brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god - he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all." - Malenia
Miquella the Kind...is a monster. Pure and radiant, he wields love to shrive clean the hearts of men. There is nothing more terrifying." - Sir Ansbach
Miquella is cursed to be perpetually young. He is said to be well loved as a demigod and has the ability to compel affection from others (see Bewitching Branch ). This is why Malenia considers him the most fearsome Empyrean.
Miquella and Malenia were very close, with her becoming his sworn blade and protector. Like his half-sister Ranni , Miquella would be chosen by the Two Fingers as a potential successor to Queen Marika. Originally a fundamentalist, as well as possessing genius intellect, he would develop incantations for his father (see Discus of Light and Triple Rings of Light ) and peculiarities such as the Pulley Bow . However, he would become disillusioned with the Golden Order after it was unable to cure Malenia from her Scarlet Rot (see Radagon's Rings of Light ), nor grant his half-brother Godwyn a true death (see Golden Epitaph ). This compelled him towards a different path, one of Unalloyed Gold (see Miquella's Needle ) that would accept all who had been discarded by the Golden Order.
Miquella is described as benevolent, kind of heart, and envisioned a world where all would be accepted (see Light of Miquella ). However, in the base game it is heavily hinted that Miquella used others for his own ends, which is later confirmed during the events in the Shadow of the Erdtree expansion.
Miquella created the Haligtree to allow himself to grow into a god and to provide shelter to those without grace, such as the Albinaurics , an oppressed race of artificial beings who sees the Haligtree as their chosen land. Before he could grow the Haligtree to its full potential, Miquella was stolen by his half-brother, Mohg, Lord of Blood , in his cocoon form, and taken to Mohgwyn Palace . Mohg wished to have Miquella elevated to godhood with himself as Miquella's consort through the Formless Mother, however, Mohg's advances were not reciprocated (see Remembrance of the Blood Lord ).
(SHADOW OF THE ERDTREE SPOILERS BELOW)
It is later revealed in Shadow of the Erdtree by Sir Ansbach , one of Mohg's former disciples, that Mohg was enchanted by Miquella, and that Mohg was used by Miquella merely as a means to gain entry to the Land of Shadow. Mohg's corpse would later be defiled and repurposed as a vessel for the soul of Miquella's promised consort.
As if using Lord Mohg to gain entrance to the land of shadow were not enough, he plans to use his corpse as the vessel of his king consort. He has forsaken Lord Mohg's soul. He desires only his empty shell. It beggars belief, but… I'm afraid Tender Miquella fails to grasp the humiliation implied by this act. One thing is certain. My dear lord deserved better." - Sir Ansbach
Miquella is said to be waiting for his promised lord in the Land of Shadow. There, he has abandoned his flesh (see Miquella's Cross ), his love (see St. Trina ), as well as his own Empyrean lineage - a lineage secured by Marika through what appears to be a great war and a massacre carried out by Messmer the Impaler .
No matter our efforts if the roots are rotten, then we have little recourse. Ever-young Miquella saw things for what they were. He knew that his bloodline was tainted. His roots mired in madness. A tragedy if ever there was one. That he would feel compelled to renounce everything. When the blame lay squarely with the mother." - Count Ymir
It is revealed in Shadow of the Erdtree that Miquella seeks entry to the Tower of Shadow (the true form is Enir-Ilim ). There he wishes to ascend to godhood through the Gate of Divinity, which Queen Marika once used to ascend, and bring forth the Age of Compassion (see Circlet of Light and Miquella's Great Rune ). He dispossesses himself of his flesh to prepare for his ascension, but in doing so, loses himself and what he once was. Mohg's corpse is then used as a vessel for his half-brother Radahn . Miquella admired Radahn's qualities, which contrast that of his afflicted self (see Remembrance of a God and a Lord ).
In the endgame flashback cutscene, it is revealed that Miquella had long planned his ascension and made a promise with Radahn to be his consort. It is also revealed that Malenia knew of their promise (see Young Lion's Armor ) and reminded Radahn of it during their battle in Caelid . Though following this revelation, it is unclear why Malenia went into conflict with Radahn and unleashed her scarlet rot in the first place. One possible explanation is that the promise was not mutual, and Malenia sought to coerce Radahn into agreement. This is possibly supported by the fact that those with strength, such as the Tarnished, seem particularly resistant to Miquella's charm ( Leda comments on this after aiding her twice, mentioning that the Tarnished is seemingly identical before and after Miquella's rune was broken). However, Miquella mentions a vow independent of his promise with Radahn, suggesting that the two may have entered a mutual contract of some kind before the promise was made that Radahn was expected to uphold.
Lord brother. I'm going to be a god. If we honour our part of the vow, promise me you'll be my consort. I'll make the world a gentler place." - Miquella
Miquella's Needle can be used to purge the influences of an outer god, particularly the influence of the Frenzied Flame in Placidusax's arena.
The promotional material for Shadow of the Erdtree shows Miquella riding the spectral steed Torrent in the Realm of Shadow, though this isn't elaborated on nor shown ingame.
There are some incantations attributed to Miquella and his followers.
The state of Miquella's physical body in the Lands Between can be seen in the cocoon in Mohgwyn Palace. The physical body looks thin with misshapen skin. This, however, is not reflective of Miquella's true state, which is revealed in the DLC's endgame boss . A ghost in the Consecrated Snowfield also says that Mohg stole the precious "flesh" (but not the soul) of Miquella.
The dialogue by one of the phantoms in Stone Coffin Fissure hints that Miquella would've been an imperfect god and that his Age of Compassion wasn't what he envisioned: "Kindly Miquella... I see you've thrown away... Something you should not have. Under any circumstances. How will you salvation offer...to those who cannot be saved? When you could not even save your other self?"
Miquella's voice actor, Naomi Mc Donald, also provides voices for Dyna the Crow , Stone Trader Chloanne , and the Milfanito from Dark Souls II .
There is a cut ending found in the SOTE game files associated with Miquella's Age of Compassion, where Miquella says at some point during the finale, "I hereby swear... To every living being, and every living soul... Now comes the age of our eden... A thousand year voyage guided by compassion... Beginning here, love encompasses all... No living thing will be denied, no deed censured... If you have known sin, if you grieve for this world, I am ready. To embrace the whole of it..." (reminiscent of Ranni's speech) . This cut ending contains fully voice acted dialogue, as well as various unused animations. Additionally, Miquella says to the Tarnished, “ If thou covetest the throne, impress my vision upon thine heart. In the new world of thy making, all things will flourish, whether graceful, or malign ”. Based on the placement of the dialogue in the text data dump, this was originally going to be Elden Ring's 7th ending , available after beating the base game final boss.
Cut NPC dialogue confirmed that Miquella is St. Trina before the dlc. "Finally, I have found it.... St. Trina's, no, Lord Miquella's cadaver... I have partaken of untold secrets... Such that I may aid you, O Lord... So please, I hope you welcome your humble servant Rhico... Into your dream, the world of your heart.... Indeed, I beg you grant my wish, that when you transcend from empyrean to God, allow me a place by your side..." - Rhico, cut NPC.
Miquella has a cut monologue relating to the Haligtree, “Young seedling, young seedling. Return to the bosom of earth. But remember well, Thou’rt mine. So shall I give of myself. This is for thee. Mine abundance, my drop of dew. Quench thy thirst, throughout thy frame. Blossom and burgeon, time and again. Grow larger, stronger. Until the day cometh. When thou canst share in my dream.”
Cut armament shows that Miquella's Great Rune was originally supposed to be the Rune of Abundance. "Twinblade that contains the power of the Rune of Abundance. The holy power within the blade can call upon part of Miquella's own strength" - Abundance Twinblade
A cut quest shows that Miquella, under the guise of St. Trina, used to sing a lullaby to soothe the Frenzied Flame affliction of the Red Eyed Merchants, helping them to retain their personhood and prevent them from falling into madness .
The full text datadump for both the base game and DLC can be found on Git Hub - "The Carian Archive". Translator's note : the Japanese language has several first-person pronouns depending on the speaker's age, status, and gender, unlike the English "I" which is multipurpose. This is useful to determine the speaker, as the Japanese 僕 ("boku") is predominantly used by young males/boys and is only found in dialogue spoken by Miquella.
Remembrance of Malenia, Goddess of Rot, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Miquella and Malenia are both the children of a single god. As such they are both Empyreans, but suffered afflictions from birth. One was cursed with eternal childhood, and the other harbored rot within.
A delicate water lily of unalloyed gold that has started to fade and wilt. Material used for crafting items. Exeedingly rare to find.
A flower signifying faith in the Haligtree. Thought to be beloved by the Empyrean Miquella in his youth.
An arcane butterfly with translucent wings. Material used for crafting items. Exceedingly rare to find.
This butterfly appears as if it's just emerged from its cocoon for its entire life.
A sword made to commemorate the death of Godwyn the Golden, first of the demigods to die.
Infused with the humble prayer of a young boy; "O brother, lord brother, please die a true death."
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists. A gift of gratitude to the young Miquella from his father, Radagon.
Produces a golden ring of light and fires it across a wide area. Charging enhances range.
And yet, the young Miquella abandoned fundamentalism, for it could do nothing to treat Malenia's accursed rot. This was the beginning of unalloyed gold.
Tree branch blessed with an incantation of unalloyed gold. Craftable item.
Pierce a foe, using FP to turn them into a temporary ally.
The Empyrean Miquella is loved by many people. Indeed, he has learned very well how to compel such affection.
Silver sword carried by clerics of St. Trina. Inflicts sleep ailment upon foes.
St. Trina is an enigmatic figure. Some say she is a comely young girl, others are sure he is a boy. The only certainty is that their appearance was as sudden as their disappearance.
Armor worn by soldiers sworn to the Haligtree.
The surcoat bears the crest of the Haligtree. Though watered with Miquella's own blood since it was a sapling, the Haligtree ultimately failed to grow into an Erdtree.
Remembrance of Mohg, Lord of Blood, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Wishing to raise Miquella to full godhood, Mohg wished to be his consort, taking the role of monarch. But no matter how much of his bloody bedchamber he tried to share, he received no response from the young Empyrean.
Winged helm made of unalloyed gold. Worn by Malenia, Blade of Miquella.
Malenia awaited Miquella at the foot of the husk.
“My brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god – he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all.”
One of the unalloyed gold needles that Miquella crafted to ward away the meddling of outer gods.
Capable of subduing the flame of frenzy if inherited, allowing one to cheat fate and avoid becoming Lord of Frenzied Flame.
However, the needle is as yet unfinished and can only be used in the heart of the storm beyond time said to be found in Farum Azula.
A Great Rune relinquished by Miquella. Broken and bereft of its bounty, it retains naught but the power to resist charms.
Miquella set off for the tower enshrouded by shadow, abandoning everything—his golden flesh, his blinding strength, even his fate. All in an effort to bury the original sin. To embrace the whole of it, and be reborn as a new god.
Remembrance of Radahn, consort of Miquella, hewn into the Scadutree.
In their childhood, Miquella saw in Radahn a lord. His strength, and his kindness, that stood in stark contrast with their afflicted selves.
And so Miquella made his heartfelt wish. That Radahn would one day be his king consort.
The circlet of light which adorned Miquella's head as he returned in divine aspect. It has begun to fade into nothingness.
Slightly boosts intelligence, faith, and arcane, while also boosting the power of Miquella's light.
This circle was to be the very foundation upon which Miquella's age of compassion would be built, should it have ever come to pass.
The strength of Miquella upon his deific return, wielded as an incantation.
Annihilates foes with a pillar of light.
Miquella sought to accept all that was and would be, but found one that refused to be embraced.
No wonder, as one god, and one king consort, is all the world needs.
Pure and Radiant, he wields love to shrive clean the hearts of men. There is nothing more terrifying.
Miquella the Kind , [ 3 ] also known as Miquella of the Haligtree , [ 8 ] is an Empyrean and son of Queen Marika the Eternal and King Consort Radagon . He is the elder twin brother of Malenia , and together they are known as the Twin Prodigies (天賦の双子, Tenpu no Futago ). He is a Remembrance Boss in Shadow of the Erdtree .
1 Overview 1.1 Early Life 1.2 The Haligtree 1.3 The Realm of Shadow
1.3 The Realm of Shadow
Miquella and his twin sister were born with incurable afflictions, with Miquella's curse being perpetual youth. [ 9 ] Miquella made a promise to Malenia and experimented tirelessly in an attempt to undo their curses. The twins were very close, and Malenia became Miquella's sworn blade and protector. [ 10 ] Miquella was loved by many people and had a remarkable ability to compel affection from others. [ 11 ] For this reason, many regarded him as the most fearsome Empyrean. [ 12 ] [ 13 ]
Miquella was chosen by his Two Fingers to become an Empyrean, destined to succeed Queen Marika . [ 14 ] He was an adherent of Golden Order Fundamentalism , and developed new incantations as gifts to his father Radagon. [ 15 ] [ 16 ] However, Miquella abandoned Fundamentalism when it failed to treat Malenia's rot. He then began creating Unalloyed Gold , [ 17 ] which he used it to craft needles that could ward away the meddling of outer gods and forestall Malenia's incurable rot. [ 18 ] These needles could even be used to subdue the power of the Frenzied Flame . [ 19 ] He also unsuccessfully sought a solution for his half-brother Godwyn 's state of incomplete death. [ 20 ] [ 21 ]
At some point, Miquella started watering a sapling with his own blood in the hope that it would become a new Erdtree . [ 22 ] The sapling was grown on top of the fortress of Elphael and became known as the Haligtree . Soldiers and Knights sworn to protect the Haligtree would use Unalloyed gold as a symbol of their loyalty and devotion to Miquella, wearing crowns made of the metal and creating shields embedded with it. [ 23 ] [ 24 ] [ 25 ] [ 26 ] Miquella was also said to bless the low and meek. [ 23 ] The Haligtree would became a hidden haven, [ 27 ] and was intended to be the eventual salvation for many of the persecuted and the unwanted in the Lands Between , such as the Albinaurics. [ 28 ]
As Miquella ascended closer to godhood as an Empyrean, he would soon desire to take his half-brother General Radahn as a consort. He made a vow with Radahn, where Radahn would become his consort, [ 29 ] [ 30 ] and in return, Miquella would have to uphold some unspecified part of the vow [ 30 ] . During the shattering, Malenia and Radahn fought, culminating in Malenia unleashing the Scarlet Aeonia. As the flower blossomed, Malenia whispered in Radahn's ear "Miquella awaits thee, O promised consort." [ 31 ] After Malenia's battle with General Radahn in Caelid , one of her knights carried her slumbering body back to the Haligtree. Radahn survived the battle, but his mind was destroyed, and he was fated to aimlessly wander the battlefield, devouring the corpses of friends and foes alike, [ 32 ] until a Tarnished champion eventually bested him in combat.
Miquella embedded himself into the Haligtree, but before he could finish this process, his tree was cut open and Miquella was kidnapped. [ 33 ] His captor was none other than his half-brother Mohg, Lord of Blood , who had gained power from an outer god known only as the Formless Mother . [ 34 ] Mohg took the slumbering Empyrean's infant form deep underground, where he worked to raise Miquella to full godhood, wishing to become his consort, create a new dynasty, and take the role of monarch. [ 35 ] He would have his followers render offerings of blood and drench Miquella's cocoon in order to facilitate his awakening. [ 36 ] Despite all of Mohg's efforts, no matter how much of his bloody bedchamber he tried to share, Miquella would remain completely unresponsive. [ 35 ] In truth, Miquella had placed an enchantment on Mohg, wishing to use the Omen to gain access to the Realm of Shadow and to use his body as a vessel for his king consort. [ 37 ] Sir Ansbach , a Pureblood Knight in service to Mohg, attempted to free his lord by challenging Miquella, only to succumb to an enchantment of his own. [ 38 ]
With Miquella's absence, his Haligtree became a misshapen husk, slowly succumbing to the Scarlet Rot . [ 26 ] [ 39 ] The Haligtree's soldiers and Malenia, presumably unaware of Miquella's abduction, desperately awaited Miquella's return to the rotten tree. [ 40 ] [ 41 ]
Making use of Mohg, Miquella entered the Realm of Shadow , the location of the Gate of Divinity . As Miquella travelled through the Realm of Shadow, he abandoned parts of himself, including his flesh, his eye, his doubt and vacillation, his love, and his fears. Golden Miquella's Crosses resembling a Great Rune appeared at each location where he abandoned something, akin to Miquella's footprints. [ 42 ] Miquella's followers, who pursued him into the Realm of Shadow, used these crosses to trace his path through the realm. [ 43 ] Miquella also discarded his other half, St. Trina , [ 44 ] in the Stone Coffin Fissure . St. Trina, whose love for Miquella was boundless in spite of her abandonment, [ 1 ] recognized that godhood would be a prison for the Empyrean, [ 45 ] and desired for him to be killed out of mercy. [ 46 ]
Eventually, a Tarnished champion broke into Mohg's palace and slew the Lord of Blood for his great rune. Sir Gideon Ofnir suggested it might be safer to destroy the cocoon that Miquella remains asleep in. [ 47 ] Instead, the Tarnished met Needle Knight Leda , a loyal follower of Miquella, who urged them to travel to the Realm of Shadow by touching Miquella's withered arm within the cocoon. [ 48 ]
Within the Realm of Shadow, the Tarnished encounters several more of Miquella's followers , learns of his mission to ascend to go

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Queen Marika the Eternal
Queen Marika the Eternal is a background character in Elden Ring and Shadow of the Erdtree . She is the current ruler of the Lands Between, and the one who shattered the Elden Ring. Queen Marika the Eternal is central to much of the game's narrative and lore . She has many powerful Demigod offspring, who took part in the Shattering and other Major Events .
Now, Queen Marika the Eternal is nowhere to be found, and in the Night of the Black Knives Godwyn the Golden was first to perish. Soon, Marika's offspring, demigods all, claimed the shards of the Elden Ring. The mad taint of their newfound strength triggered the Shattering.
Queen Marika's Origins and the Land of Shadow
Queen Marika and The Lands Between
Queen Marika and the Numen
Queen Marika and Her Duality with Radagon
Queen Marika and Her Children
Queen Marika and Spoken Echoes
Lore videos about Queen Marika
Lore items related to Queen Marika
Queen Marika's Dialogue
Queen Marika Images Gallery
Queen Marika is the vessel for the Elden Ring, and by extension the Greater Will . The runes that constitute the Elden Ring represent the laws that govern the world, currently the Golden Order, which was founded by Queen Marika. The Elden Ring was shattered into shards referred to as Great Runes , which are in the possession of Queen Marika's offspring.
Queen Marika is a Numen. They are a race of people that originate from outside the Lands Between.
During the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC, it is revealed that the future Queen Marika and her kin settled in Shaman Village some time ago (hereinafter they are referred to as Shamans).
Phantom dialogue and item descriptions found in Bonny Village further reveal that the Shamans were cruelly oppressed by the Hornsent, the past rulers of the Land of Shadow, and were tortured with whips (see Tooth Whip ) and stuffed into jars (see Bonny Butchering Knife ) as part of ancient rituals.
Shaman flesh is said to have innate properties which allow it to easily merge with others, which explains Godrick the Grafted's affinity with grafting, and the spreading of Deathroot from Godwyn's corpse, both being descendants of Queen Marika.
These practices gave rise to the Jar Innards creatures found in gaols within the Land of Shadow. The goal of the hornsent's actions against the shaman seemed to be to turn them into saints. At some point she became an Empyrean and received the shadowbound beast Maliketh who was loyal only to her (see Remembrance of the Black Blade ).
After ascending to godhood at the Gate of Divinity, Queen Marika would wage a genocidal war against the Hornsent, led by Messmer, the Impaler . Queen Marika's hatred for the Hornsent and the Crucible explains her distain for her own omen sons Mohg and Morgott , both of them being shunned far below the capital of Leyndell .
For pity's sake, your place is in the jar. Nigh-sainthood itself awaits you within. For shamans like you, this is your lot. Life were you accorded for this alone." - Phantom in Bonny Village
Queen Marika envisioned a world without True Death, establishing the Golden Order after becoming the reigning monarch of the Lands Between. Queen Marika sealed the Rune of Death away from the Elden Ring, tasking her shadow Maliketh to guard it, which would later be stolen in the Night of the Black Knives . Under the Golden Order, there can never be True Death, and all living beings undergo a cycle of reincarnation back to the Erdtree .
Queen Marika would take Godfrey as her first consort, of who would become the first Elden Lord. Godfrey would then lead her armies and wage wars to quell opposition to the Erdtree (see Protection of the Erdtree ), such as the war against the Fire Giants (see Smithing Stone (8) ) which led to the slaying of the Fell God.
Once the last of Queen Marika's enemies fell, it was said that the hue from Godfrey's eyes faded (see Elden Lord Crown ), and he was banished from the Lands Between, along with his kin, and were divested of their grace. Godfrey would lead them on what is known as The Long March, to distant lands outside The Lands Between, thus creating the first Tarnished (see Remembrance of Hoarah Loux ).
Radagon would become Marika's second consort, and thus the second Elden Lord. After the Elden Ring was shattered, Queen Marika would be punished by the Greater Will and imprisoned within the Erdtree (the Elden Beast , which is the vassal of the Greater Will, is implied to have crucified Marika, as during the boss battle it can crucify the Tarnished in a similar pose to Marika).
Marika would then beckon the Tarnished to return to the Lands Between, extending her grace, along with the guidance of the Two Fingers, in hopes of ushering in the third Elden Lord.
In the endings where the Tarnished mends the Elden Ring and becomes the new Elden Lord, they are also said to become Marika's third consort.
By using the Law of Regression incantation on the statue of Radagon on Leyndell, Royal Capital, the Tarnished learns that Radagon and Queen Marika are both the same person. Marika's Hammer also reveals that Marika was the one that shattered the Elden Ring, while Radagon used the same hammer to try and repair it, suggesting that although they are the same being, they have fundamentally different ideals.
This is further supported in one of the spoken echoes, "O Radagon, leal hound of the Golden Order. Thou'rt yet to become me. Thou'rt yet to become a god. Let us be shattered, both. Mine other self” .
The Numen is the group of people Queen Marika descended from. According to Numen's Rune . This connection is made aware. When reading about the items of the Black Knife Set, this connection to Queen Marika herself is reiterated. This begs the question of why Marika's flesh and blood participated in the Night of the Black Knives with Ranni and ended the Golden Order. They have a history of being loyal to Queen Marika and her kin.
Ranni's personal motivations are explored in her quest, as she states her need for personal freedom from the Greater Will. They were her main conspirators as they performed the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives, brought death to the lands between, slew Godwyn the Golden, and destroyed Ranni's Body.
The collaboration between Ranni and the Numen assassins presents a conflict that has no clear answer. With the historical ties those same Numen held to the Queen Marika. Their active participation in the murder of her son, Godwyn the Golden, indicates a subversion of the Golden Order from within.
This event effectively utilized the Queen’s own kin to facilitate the destruction of the status quo she had established. Which begs the question, would these people. The same numen people that followed Marika from beyond the lands between and became part of the Golden Order participate in its destruction. What changed to make them willing to bring death itself to the lands between and slay the holy Godwyn?
Since Ranni provided the means through the ritualized Black Knives, the act itself is weird: Ranni’s pursuit of personal agency is clear, but the Numen’s historical proximity to Marika is juxtaposed by their eventual betrayal of the royal line.
Following this event, the alliance ruptured, resulting in the imprisonment of the assassin leader, Alecto, and the subsequent targeting of Ranni’s associates by the remaining Black Knife forces.
Godfrey and Marika together had Godwyn the Golden , as well as the twin omens Mohg and Morgott , the first of the demigods.
Marika's other half, Radagon, married the Carian Queen, Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon . They would have three children together: Radahn , Praetor Rykard , and the Lunar Princess Ranni . Ranni, unlike her siblings, would be chosen by the Two Fingers as a potential successor to Queen Marika and elevated to Empyrean status. Like Marika, she would be granted her own shadow, Blaidd .
The union of Marika and Radagon gave birth to the twin Empyreans Malenia and Miquella . Both are born with severe afflictions, dialogue from pastor Miriel hints to this being part of the consequences of Radagon's broken vows to Rennala; "Severing a vow, strongest of bonds, has consequences ever more dire" .
In the Shadow of the Erdtree expansion, it is revealed that Marika has a son that was hidden away in the Land of Shadow, Messmer the Impaler . Messmer's Kindling also hints that Melina is the younger sister of Messmer, validating that Marika is her mother, and so Queen Marika the Eternal, by extension, is a demigod as well.
At certain sites of grace, Melina can share Marika's spoken echoes with the Tarnished, listed below:
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold.
Use to gain 12,500 runes.
The Numen are said to have come from outside the Lands Between, and are in fact of the same stock as Queen Marika herself.
Remembrance of Fire Giant, hewn into the Erdtree. The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
The Fire Giant is a survivor of the War against the Giants. Upon realizing the flames of their forge would never die, Queen Marika marked him with a curse.
"O trifling giant, mayest thou tend thy flame for eternity."
A talisman depicting a special blessing of the Erdtree. Slightly raises maximum HP, stamina, and equip load.
It is said that when the Age of the Erdtree began, such blessings were personally bestowed upon their recipients by Queen Marika herself.
Remembrance of Maliketh, the Black Blade, hewn into the Erdtree. The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Maliketh was a shadowbound beast given to his Empyrean. Marika's sole need of her shadow was a vessel to lock away Destined Death. Even then, she betrayed him.
Doll of a curseborn bairn from the Erdtree's royal line. Uses FP to unleash many wraiths that chase down foes.
Omen babies born of royalty do not have their horns excised, but instead are kept underground, unbeknownst to anyone, imprisoned for eternity.
These memorial fetishes are fashioned in secret.
This legendary talisman is an eye engraved with an Elden Rune, s aid to be the seal of Queen Marika. Greatly raises mind, intelligence, faith, and arcane, but also increases damage taken by a similar measure.
Solemn duty weighs upon the one beholden; not unlike a gnawing curse from which there is no deliverance.
Scale armor used by the Black Knife Assassins, forged to make no sound.
Traces of power yet remain in its concealing veil, which muffles the sound of footsteps.
The assassins that carried out the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives were all women, and rumored to be Numen who had close ties with Marika herself.
Stone hammer made in the lands of the Numen, outside the Lands Between. The tool with which Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring and Radagon attempted to repair it.
The hammer partially broke upon shattering the Ring, becoming splintered with rune fragments.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Godrick. Its blessing raises all attributes
This Great Rune is known as the anchor ring, found in the center of the Elden Ring.
The first demigods were The Elden Lord Godfrey and his offspring, the golden lineage.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Malenia. The blessing of this half-rotted rune reduces the healing power of Flask of Crimson Tears.
And yet, due to the infusion of Malenia's spirit of resistance. attacks made immediately after receiving damage will partially recover HP.
Malenia is daughter to Queen Marika and Radagon, and her Great Rune should have been the most sacred of all.
Secret incantation of Queen Marika. Only the kindness of gold, without Order.
Creates a small, illusory Erdtree that continuously restores the HP of nearby allies.
Marika bathed the village of her home in gold, knowing full well that there was no one to heal.
Golden remnants of the grace personally bestowed by Queen Marika to the heroes who joined the crusade for her.
Use to gain 80000 runes.
The brilliance of Queen Marika's grace blinds even the very best.
A special physick blessed by Marika, the queen of the Erdtree. Completely restores HP and heals all ailments.
Marika once created several of these physicks for Messmer's sake. But never again.
Black armor of Messmer the Impaler. Draped with a red cloak bearing his crest embroidered.
On his mother's wishes, Messmer made himself a symbol of fear, undertaking the cleansing crusade she desired.
"Direct thy maledictions, thine ire, and thy grief towards me alone."
A braid of golden hair, cut loose. Queen Marika's offering to the Grandmother. Boosts holy damage negation by the utmost. What was her prayer? Her wish, her confession? There is no one left to answer, and Marika never returned home again.
Queen Marika is the vessel of the Elden Ring, carrier of its vision.
A god, in truth. But after the Elden Ring's shattering, she was imprisoned in the Erdtree. A grim punishment for shattering the Order, despite her godhood. The Fingers speak... "Marika's trespass demanded a heavy sentence. But even in shackles, she remains a god, and the vision's vessel. Confer Great Runes to become Elden Lord, and join Queen Marika as her consort. The Fingers have willed it so".
Your divinity, have mercy, and grant me forgiveness. The road is yet long. A God is not easily felled. But one day, without fail, you will have your wish. So please, grant me forgiveness, Queen Marika...
Please, become Elden Lord. Hewg was always saying that you were a Lord, to him. So slay her, with the weapons he smithed. Slay the god, Marika, who cursed us all.
Ahh, I knew you'd come.
To stand before the Elden Ring. To become Elden Lord. What a sad state of affairs. I commend your spirit, but alas, none shall take the throne.
Queen Marika has high hopes for us.
That we continue to struggle. Unto eternity.
Our lands were by thy kind set aflame, our tower by thy kind veiled in shadow. Thou cam'st, robbing us of all, spoiling all. Have ye not basked in these deeds long enough? Listen, progeny of the wanton strumpet. For thy sins thou shalt have thy recompense
O Horn-deck'd beast, from higher sphere deliver'd. Take root inside the tower's sculpted keepers. And perch'd within, we beg of thee; rise.
Dance and cavort, cleanse all that thou wilt. Cruelty, woe, and those who plague the tower. Cleanse away the strumpet's vile progeny.
Mother, wouldst thou truly Lordship sanction, in one so bereft of light?
I will not suffer... a lord devoid of light.
O mother, forgive me. Grah!
A curse...upon thee...
Queen Marika during the breaking of the Elden Ring
Visage of Queen Marika
Let a new epoch begin. An epoch glistening with life. Brandish the Elden Ring, for the Age of the Erdtree!
- Queen Marika the Eternal — as quoted by Melina
Queen Marika the Eternal is the current goddess and  vessel of the Elden Ring in the Lands Between .
1 Overview 1.1 Early Life 1.2 Birth of the Golden Order
1.2 Birth of the Golden Order
2 Age of the Erdtree 2.1 Night of Black Knives 2.2 The Shattering 2.3 Endings
2.1 Night of Black Knives
Marika was a Numen [ 2 ] from the Shaman Village . [ 3 ]
Her people, the Shamans , were used by The Hornsent for the sake of Living Jars : a process in which a Greatjar is put on top of a Shaman. [ 4 ] Those condemned by the Hornsent would also be cut down and their flesh thrown into the jars [ 5 ] , so that they would meld with the shamans [ 6 ] who prayed inside so that the contents could become "righteous people" on their next life. [ 4 ] This created the tortuous existence of Jar Dwellers .
Marika, guided by the Two Fingers , managed to get to the Gate of Divinity , becoming Goddess and Vessel of the Elden Ring . [ 7 ] [ 8 ] This affair led to the birth of the Erdtree and Scadutree , [ 9 ] [ 10 ] and was considered a betrayal by the Hornsent. She then declared a holy war against them, with her son Messmer the Impaler leading the "cleansing" Crusade where the Hornsent would be burnt in body and Soul.
Eventually, Marika returned to the abandoned Shaman Village for the last time. After cutting off a braid of her hair and leaving it as an offering to the Grandmother , she bathed her home in the healing light of gold, knowing full well that there was no one to heal, and would never return. [ 3 ] [ 11 ]
At some point, Marika came into conflict with another Empyrean known as the Gloam-Eyed Queen , who perished at the hand of Maliketh . After emerging victorious, and desiring a world free of Destined Death , Marika removed the Rune of Death from the Elden Ring, [ 12 ] using Maliketh as a vessel to lock it away, [ 13 ] thus establishing the Golden Order . [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Godfrey was a ferocious warrior who vowed to become a lord. He took the Beast Regent Serosh upon his back to suppress the ceaseless lust for battle that raged within and became King Consort of Marika and first Elden Lord. [ 16 ] [ 17 ] [ 18 ]
In the early days, everything was in opposition to the Erdtree . [ 19 ] With Godfrey’s aid, [ 20 ] Marika waged a War Against the Giants atop the frigid northern mountains , whose Flame of Ruin was capable of burning the Erdtree. [ 21 ] Ultimately victorious, Marika was believed to have slain the Fell God of the Fire Giants . [ 22 ] Upon learning that the Flame of Ruin would never die, however, she cursed the last of the giants to tend to it for eternity. [ 23 ] Marika declared the path to the mountains as Forbidden Lands and excised details of the war from history. [ 24 ]
Marika and Godfrey would rule together and have at least three children: Godwyn the Golden and the twins Morgott and Mohg . The twins were both born as accursed Omen and were hidden in the depths below the capital . Even so, Godfrey and his Golden Lineage would be counted as the first of the demigods. [ 25 ]
With her rule secure, Marika announced her intention to search the depths of the Golden Order, declaring the early days of blind belief a thing long past. [ 26 ] When Godfrey's last foe fell it was said the hue of his eyes had faded. [ 27 ] Marika banished him and his kinfolk from the Lands Between, robbing them of their grace , [ 28 ] thus creating the first Tarnished , all in the hope that they would grow stronger by waging war in lands outside her rule, dying, and then eventually being revived with their guidance of grace returned. [ 29 ]
Marika sent her son Messmer away on a crusade into the lands of the Hornsent. Despite her precautions, her fear of the Abyssal Serpent sealed within him led her to trap him within the Realm of Shadow , where he would wage war to exterminate the Hornsent and devastate their lands. No matter how many of her enemies burned in his flame , however, Messmer received no sign from Marika to end his crusade. To hide away these actions and the true nature of her godhood, Marika hid the Realm of Shadow behind a magical veil to obscure it from public knowledge.
After Godfrey's banishment from the Lands Between, Marika took Radagon as second husband and King Consort, elevating him to become the second Elden Lord. [ 30 ] Radagon already had three children with Queen Rennala of the Carian Royal Family , and after his union with Marika, she would raise her new step-children, Radahn , Rykard and Ranni , to demigod status. [ 31 ]
Marika and Radagon would go on to have two more children of their own, the twins Malenia and Miquella , [ 32 ] who like Marika herself and Radagon's daughter Ranni, were Empyreans, [ 33 ] and were thus potential successors to Marika. However, Radagon and Marika were in truth the same. Radagon was described as Marika's male "other self". [ 34 ] Thus the twins were the children of a single god, and they were both born afflicted: Malenia with rotting sickness and Miquella with eternal childhood. [ 35 ]
On the Night of Black Knives , a fragment of the Rune of Death was stolen from Maliketh. [ 36 ] For a long time it was not known who was behind the plot, [ 37 ] but it is finally revealed it was in fact Ranni who stole the fragment of the rune to forge god-slaying black knives through a fearsome rite. [ 38 ]
The Black Knife Assassins , Numen women purported to have close ties to Marika herself, [ 39 ] used these knives to slay Godwyn the Golden, the first recorded death of a demigod in all history. [ 40 ] Queen Marika is said to have been driven to the brink by this event, [ 41 ] and some time later she shattered the Elden Ring using her hammer . [ 42 ] She had already instructed her demigod children to fight for the positions of Elden Lord and that of godhood. [ 43 ]
Fragments of the ring splintered into Great Runes and spread across the

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Twinbird
The Twinbird is a mentioned entity in ELDEN RING (2022) . It is said to be the envoy of an Outer God , and the mother of the Deathbirds .
The Twinbird is scarcely mentioned in the Lands Between . It is portrayed as a two-headed bird with half-red and half-blue or black plumage.
The Twinbird is said to be the envoy of an Outer God, and the mother of the Deathbirds. [ 1 ] Its whereabouts are unknown, and only its offspring being seen throughout the Lands Between. The colour of its plumage may be alluded to by the red and blue feathers on the Red-Feathered Branchsword and Blue-Feathered Branchsword used in ancient Death rituals before the age of the Erdtree. [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
It has been speculated that the relief portraying two birds in Crumbling Farum Azula may depict the Twinbird.
↑ Twinbird Kite Shield
↑ Red-Feathered Branchsword
↑ Blue-Feathered Branchsword
↑ Explosive Ghostflame

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Gloam-Eyed Queen
The Gloam-Eyed Queen cradles newborn apostles swaddled in this cloth. Soon they will grow to become the death of the gods.
- Godskin Swaddling Cloth
The Gloam-Eyed Queen was an Empyrean who was defeated long ago by Maliketh . She was the leader of the Godskin Apostles and wielded the god-slaying power of Destined Death . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
1 Overview 1.1 The Golden Order
1.1 The Golden Order
The Gloam-Eyed Queen was an Empyrean chosen by her own Two Fingers . She led the apostles in their god hunt, [ 3 ] wielded the power of Destined Death and channeling its Black Flames through her Godslayer's Greatsword . [ 1 ] She cradled newborn Godskin Apostles in a swaddling cloth made from patches of supple skin sewn together. [ 4 ] Her apostles developed inhuman physiology and would grow to be the death of the gods. [ 5 ]
Queen Marika desired the removal of the Rune of Death from the Elden Ring to create the Golden Order . [ 6 ] After the Gloam-Eyed Queen and her apostles were defeated at the hands of Maliketh , the Rune of Death was sealed away within his Black Blade and the true power of the Godslayer incantations was lost. [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] The Gloam-Eyed Queen's sword was locked away at the bottom of the Divine Tower of Caelid , and her fate remains unknown.
The Gloam-Eyed Queen's Godskin Swaddling Cloth is guarded by the summoned spirits of Godskin Apostles in Spiritcaller's Cave on the Mountaintops of the Giants .
Maliketh defeated the Gloam-Eyed Queen
The apostles were swaddled in cloth made from skin
The Black Flame was once capable of killing the gods
The apostles could summon a raging vortex of Black Flame [ 10 ]
Godslayer Incantations
Maliketh, the Black Blade

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Serosh
Serosh, the Beast Regent is a character in ELDEN RING (2022) . He serves as King Godfrey's regent and the counselor of his descendants, and can be encountered alongside his Lord at the foot of the burning Erdtree in Leyndell, Ashen Capital .
1 Overview 1.1 Appearance
4 Gallery 4.1 Concept art 4.2 Screenshots
Serosh was a large, golden lion known as the Lord of Beasts . [ 1 ] Among the beastmen of Farum Azula , the presence of five fingers was celebrated as a symbol of the intelligence granted to their kind, and the five black nails on the Beastclaw Greathammer are believed to represent Serosh. [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Serosh was taken upon Godfrey 's back when he vowed to become a lord, suppressing his ceaseless lust for battle, and became known as his Beast Regent. [ 1 ] [ 3 ] Serosh went on to serve as a counselor guiding Godfrey's offspring, the Golden Lineage and became a longstanding symbol of the Golden Lineage, representing a bygone era of glory. [ 4 ] [ 5 ] General Radahn , captivated by Godfrey in his youth, wore armor depicting a golden lion, said to symbolize both Godfrey and Serosh. [ 6 ]
Serosh remained with Godfrey even after he became Tarnished and was exiled from the Lands Between , [ 7 ] and appears to have perished alongside Godfrey in the Badlands .
Following the Shattering , when the Guidance of Grace was restored to the Tarnished, Serosh returned to the Lands Between alongside Godfrey. At the foot of the burning Erdtree , the former Elden Lord was confronted by a Tarnished . During the battle, Serosh began to take on a more tangible form, seemingly preparing to play active role in the fight. However, Godfrey stopped Serosh, thanked him for his service, before killing him. Covered in the blood of his former regent, Godfrey discarded his axe and continued to fight as Hoarah Loux before being defeated.
Profile shot of Serosh.
Serosh turning corporeal.
As a lion, the hair on Serosh's face, upper arms and torso are a dark gray color, while the long fur on his mane and forearms are a silvery white. He has silver-colored plate-mail on his chest and shoulders, with matching sharp-tipped gauntlets covering his five-fingered hands.
The skin on his snout and lips are both colored black and his face is covered in scars, the most notable ones crossing over his perpetually closed eyes; potentially indicating blindness. The largest having cleaved through the left side of his silver crown, before continuing down-right of his forehead and over his right eye before ending at the bottom his right cheek.
While mounted on Godfrey's back, Serosh's body appears translucent, and the lower half of his body is not visible.
Serosh is often shown with his teeth sinking into Godfrey's arm or torso. This may be a means of keeping Godfrey's lust for battle in check.
Portrait of Godfrey and Serosh
Godfrey and Serosh as depicted in the game's intro cutscene.
Godfrey and Serosh mourning Morgott.
Godfrey and Serosh bracing to fight the Tarnished.
Godfrey and Serosh staring down the Tarnished.
Serosh stepping forth to fight the Tarnished himself.
Godfrey interrupting Serosh from stepping in, before relieving him of his service.
Serosh's death at the hands of his lord.
A statue depicting Godfrey and Serosh in Stormveil Castle.

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Ranni the Witch
Ranni the Witch is an NPC in Elden Ring . Ranni the Witch is a mysterious figure who first introduces herself as Renna . Upon meeting her again at Three Sisters , she reveals her true name and eventually will recruit you into her servitude, sending you off in search of a hidden treasure. This page covers vital information for Ranni's questline for Elden Ring .
I am the witch Ranni. I stole Death long ago, and search now for the dark path.
Ranni is the daughter of Radagon and Rennala , as such she is a princess of the Carian Royal Family . After Radagon departed and became the consort to Queen Marika , Ranni and her siblings were raised to demigod status, as they were now the children of the consort of a goddess. Unlike her siblings however, she was identified as a potential successor to Queen Marika by the Two Fingers, and her status was further elevated to that of an Empyrean , and like Marika, granted her own shadow, Blaidd .
She appears to have some involvement in The Night of Black Knives, where Black Knife Assassins stole a shard of the Rune of Death and murdered Godwyn, the Golden . At the same time, Ranni seems to have lost her original body and now resides as a spirit inhabiting an artificial doll body. She now seeks a long-lost treasure with the aid of her loyal followers, War Counselor Iji , Preceptor Seluvis , her shadow Blaidd , and the Tarnished if they choose.
Ranni the Witch can be found at Ranni's Rise in the Three Sisters sub-region of Liurnia of the Lakes for a majority of  Ranni's questline.
Ranni is first encountered going by the name Renna when the player teleports or rests at the Church of Elleh Site of Grace, after you have met Melina and acquired Torrent .
Once she has arrived, she will call out to the player to approach and speak with them. Upon doing so and answering her question in the affirmative, she will gift the player with the Spirit Calling Bell and the Lone Wolf Ashes . She will then disappear after being spoken to again, walking far enough away from her, or attempting to rest at the Site of Grace. [ Map Link ]
If the player somehow misses their first encounter with Ranni, this will not prevent her quest from being completed. She can next be found in the Liurnia region, at the top of Ranni's Rise . To access the area where Ranni's Rise resides, you must defeat Royal Knight Loretta at the Caria Manor .
If her initial encounter is missed wherein the player receives the Spirit Calling Bell and Lone Wolf Ashes from Ranni, both can then be found and purchased from the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold .
NOTE : Ranni will not appear in Ranni's Rise for the next step of her quest line if the Radahn Festival has already started at Redmane Castle (the Radahn Festival begins outside of Ranni's quest line progression if you have either activated the Grand Lift of Dectus or activated any Sites of Grace found within the Altus Plateau ). This is because Blaidd is required to continue her quest line, and he will not leave the Radahn Festival until Starscourge Radahn has been defeated. Once Starscourge Radahn has been defeated, Ranni will reappear at Ranni's Rise and her quest line can be continued from then on.
Ranni is later found in Liurnia atop Ranni's Rise . She tasks the player with finding the hidden treasure of Nokron and asks that you speak with three people in her service: War Counselor Iji , Half-Wolf Warrior Blaidd , and Preceptor Seluvis . The three will then appear as spectral projections within her tower that can be spoken with. The player will be unable to leave the tower area until all three people have been spoken with and their dialogue exhausted (a fog wall barrier will physically block the player from leaving the area by foot/hoof and fast travel will be disabled). After speaking to the three, returning to Ranni and speaking with her will have her reveal that she is going to fall into a deep slumber soon and will not be able to speak with the player for some time. Once the player is finished speaking with Ranni, the player will be able to leave the area and fast travel again as normal. Upon first meeting her at Ranni's Rise, if she tells you to begone after mentioning the curse mark on her discarded body and won't recruit you into her service, you will need to return to Rogier at the Roundtable Hold and speak with him. He will suggest that you join into her service in order to learn more about where her curse mark could be found. You can then return to Ranni and speak with her to continue her quest line.
The player will be unable to leave the tower area until all three people have been spoken with and their dialogue exhausted (a fog wall barrier will physically block the player from leaving the area by foot/hoof and fast travel will be disabled). After speaking to the three, returning to Ranni and speaking with her will have her reveal that she is going to fall into a deep slumber soon and will not be able to speak with the player for some time. Once the player is finished speaking with Ranni, the player will be able to leave the area and fast travel again as normal.
Upon first meeting her at Ranni's Rise, if she tells you to begone after mentioning the curse mark on her discarded body and won't recruit you into her service, you will need to return to Rogier at the Roundtable Hold and speak with him. He will suggest that you join into her service in order to learn more about where her curse mark could be found. You can then return to Ranni and speak with her to continue her quest line.
Blaidd will be waiting in the Siofra River area [ Map Link ] (travel east from the Siofra River Bank Site of Grace until you reach the area where a Spirit Spring can be found, Blaidd will be standing nearby. However, be sure to defeat any enemies nearby as they can pursue you and cause issues with speaking with Blaidd). He will reveal that he suspects that Preceptor Seluvis knows more than he lets on and suggests that you go and speak with him. Upon speaking with Seluvis, he will inform you that Sorceress Sellen might have some information as to how to enter Nokron, and then provides you with Seluvis's Introduction to show her. Upon speaking with Sellen at the Waypoint Ruins [ Map Link ] and showing her Seluvis's Introduction, she informs the player that Starscourge Radahn has used his power to stop the movement of the stars, and that the only way to restore their movement and find an entrance into Nokron is to slay him. NOTE : Informing Blaidd of what you've learned from Sellen concerning the stars and Radahn's actions will trigger the festival and temporarily alter the accessible layout of Redmane Castle , also potentially pausing certain NPC quests and interactions. Moreso, there have been cases where only talking to Sellen without talking to Blaidd afterwards also causes the festival to trigger. Please note, if the player was unable to tolerate his "pleasant demeanor" and has killed Preceptor Seluvis, Blaidd will be hostile to you, and cause Ranni's quest line to halt until the player seeks Absolution at the Church of Vows. Alternative ways to trigger the festival (and thus to kill Starscourge Radahn) are: Accessing Altus Plateau, either via activating the Grand Lift of Dectus or through the Ruin-Strewn Precipice, will automatically trigger the festival on Redmane Castle. The player can also access Redmane Castle earlier, talk to Jerren and tell him about Iji , which in turn will suggest you tell something to Iji. If the player then goes back to Iji and talks to him about Jerren, he will tell the player about going back to the festival, thus activating it. This can be done even if the player hasn't met Blaidd at Siofra River.
NOTE : Informing Blaidd of what you've learned from Sellen concerning the stars and Radahn's actions will trigger the festival and temporarily alter the accessible layout of Redmane Castle , also potentially pausing certain NPC quests and interactions. Moreso, there have been cases where only talking to Sellen without talking to Blaidd afterwards also causes the festival to trigger.
Please note, if the player was unable to tolerate his "pleasant demeanor" and has killed Preceptor Seluvis, Blaidd will be hostile to you, and cause Ranni's quest line to halt until the player seeks Absolution at the Church of Vows.
Alternative ways to trigger the festival (and thus to kill Starscourge Radahn) are: Accessing Altus Plateau, either via activating the Grand Lift of Dectus or through the Ruin-Strewn Precipice, will automatically trigger the festival on Redmane Castle. The player can also access Redmane Castle earlier, talk to Jerren and tell him about Iji , which in turn will suggest you tell something to Iji. If the player then goes back to Iji and talks to him about Jerren, he will tell the player about going back to the festival, thus activating it. This can be done even if the player hasn't met Blaidd at Siofra River.
Accessing Altus Plateau, either via activating the Grand Lift of Dectus or through the Ruin-Strewn Precipice, will automatically trigger the festival on Redmane Castle.
The player can also access Redmane Castle earlier, talk to Jerren and tell him about Iji , which in turn will suggest you tell something to Iji. If the player then goes back to Iji and talks to him about Jerren, he will tell the player about going back to the festival, thus activating it. This can be done even if the player hasn't met Blaidd at Siofra River.
Once Radahn has been slain, the stars will be freed to continue their flight, with one of them landing somewhere nearby. Returning to Iji and speaking with him reveals that the fallen star struck Limgrave (the site is south of Mistwood , fairly close to the ruins where the player could have first met Blaidd) and has created a new entrance into Nokron. Travelling to Limgrave, the landing site is hard to miss, as gravity magic from the fallen star has caused large chunks of rock to become permanently suspended in the air above the landing site. By carefully making their way down, the player can reach the city of Nokron. To reach the section of the city that holds the treasure Ranni wants, you must push through until you reach the Ancestral Woods Site of Grace [ Map Link ] and then jump across the nearby ledge and back into the city. Continue onward into the city and you will eventually find a treasure chest containing the Fingerslayer Blade , the secret treasure of Nokron that Ranni seeks.
NOTE: Giving Ranni the Fingerslayer Blade will cause Preceptor Seluvis to become a lifeless puppet, which effectively locks you out of further interaction in his questline (And possibly prevents you from giving Seluvis' Potion to Dung Eater ). If you want to get the Magic Scorpion Charm from Seluvis in this playthrough, you need to start and/or continue through his quest line until he gifts the amulet to you, before giving Ranni the Fingerslayer Blade. After receiving the Magic Scorpion Charm, you may safely carry on with Ranni's quest line. If Seluvis has given you the Amber Draught to give to Ranni at this point, once you have given her the Fingerslayer Blade you will no longer have the option to give the Amber Draught to Ranni. However, don't be afraid of losing the option to give her the Amber Draught; As you aren't rewarded with anything for trying to give it to her, because it doesn't work on her and only serves to make her disappointed with you and halt her quest line until you seek Absolution at the Church of Vows .
If Seluvis has given you the Amber Draught to give to Ranni at this point, once you have given her the Fingerslayer Blade you will no longer have the option to give the Amber Draught to Ranni. However, don't be afraid of losing the option to give her the Amber Draught; As you aren't rewarded with anything for trying to give it to her, because it doesn't work on her and only serves to make her disappointed with you and halt her quest line until you seek Absolution at the Church of Vows .
However, don't be afraid of losing the option to give her the Amber Draught; As you aren't rewarded with anything for trying to give it to her, because it doesn't work on her and only serves to make her disappointed with you and halt her quest line until you seek Absolution at the Church of Vows .
Upon returning to Ranni and giving her the Fingerslayer Blade, she will reward the player with the Carian Inverted Statue , which they can use at the pedestal at the entrance to the Carian Study Hall to reach the top of the Divine Tower of Liurnia. After speaking with her, Ranni will leave to continue her quest alone. Upon arriving at the top of the Divine Tower of Liurnia , you will be able to find the Cursemark of Death upon the remains of Ranni's original body, which is severely burnt.
After giving the Fingerslayer Blade to Ranni, you can speak with Iji, and he will tell you where Ranni has gone (mentioning Renna's Rise in the process) and the Carian Filigreed Crest will be added to his merchant inventory for purchase, if you had yet to unlock its availability.
At this point, the seal blocking access to Renna's Rise will have vanished, allowing access inside the tower. Upon reaching the top of the ladder within, you can find a chest containing the Snow Witch Set that Ranni wore. Upon reaching the top of the tower, you can find a waygate that will transport you to Ainsel River Main , where you can loot a Miniature Ranni doll nearby. After acquiring the doll, rest at the Ainsel River Main Site of Grace. [ Map Link ] You will see a new option listed amongst the others, that being "Talk to miniature Ranni." Select this option three times and Ranni will speak to you revealing that Ranni has possessed the doll. Annoyed at your interference, she will then task the player with defeating the Baleful Shadow found further into the area. The Baleful Shadow can be found just beyond the Nokstella Waterfall Basin Site of Grace in Nokstella, Eternal City . It is an agile and fairly strong opponent, so take caution when fighting it. After defeating the Baleful Shadow, Ranni will thank the player and reward them with the Discarded Palace Key . Ranni will then say farewell as she still has things to do, her spirit leaving the doll.
You are able to use the Discarded Palace Key to unlock the chest found in the Raya Lucaria Grand Library next to Rennala . Inside you will find the Dark Moon Ring . Once you have acquired the ring, travel back to the Lake of Rot in the Ainsel River area, and continue onward into the Grand Cloister .
By interacting with the stone coffin in the Grand Cloister [ Map Link ] (you can interact with it from a distance so that you do not have to stand in the Scarlet Rot water), the player can access a new area where they can find and defeat Astel, Naturalborn of the Void . After its defeat, a new exit path can be traversed through (without having the Dark Moon Ring, an impassable magic seal blocks this exit). This path allows access to the southern-most section of Liurnia, the Moonlight Altar . Your next destination is the nearby Cathedral of Manus Celes . After collecting the 9 Starlight Shards inside scattered about and 1 outside near the stone object on the north side, drop down the hole near the Site of Grace and continue through the tunnel until you reach a recent battle site. Please note, Glintstone Dragon Adula will suddenly materialize near the Cathedral of Manus Celes , regardless of whether or not the dragon was forced to retreat at Three Sisters , so take caution when exploring the area.
Please note, Glintstone Dragon Adula will suddenly materialize near the Cathedral of Manus Celes , regardless of whether or not the dragon was forced to retreat at Three Sisters , so take caution when exploring the area.
Interact with Ranni's doll body to place the Dark Moon Ring on Ranni's finger. Her doll body will then disappear and Ranni, fully restored to her previous life-sized doll form, will appear and thank the player. She confirms that the player is now her consort and promises that they will meet again. After Ranni vanishes, an item will appear where she once stood. Loot the item to acquire the Dark Moon Greatsword .
Provided Ranni's quest line has been completed; after defeating the Elden Beast, a blue summon sign will appear on the ground near Marika's broken remains. The player can interact with this summon sign (instead of interacting with Marika's remains) to acquire the "Age of the Stars" ending . Doing so will also unlock a related game achievement/trophy.
§ Meeting at Church of Elleh
§ 「I can call the spectral steed」
§ 「I cannot call the spectral steed」
§ If attacked at Church of Elleh
§ Upon defeating Rennala's first phase in Raya Lucaria Academy
§ Meeting at Ranni's Rise
...without having met at Church of Elleh
§ 「 No particular reason 」
§ 「 Serve Ranni the Witch 」
§ After agreeing to help Sorcerer Rogier find the「 Cursemark of Death 」
...and before meeting Ranni
§ After agreeing to enter her service,
no matter the initial premise。
§ Serve Ranni the Witch, when first meeting her after defeating Radahn
§ After speaking with Iji , Blaidd , & Seluvis
§ Administer「 Amber Draught 」 ( Seluvis' quest)
§ Giving Ranni the「 Fingerslayer Blade 」
§ When speaking to Miniature Ranni at the Ainsel River Main Site of Grace [ must attempt to speak to her 3 times before she answers ]
§ When speaking to Miniature Ranni at the Nokstella, Eternal City Site of Grace
§ When speaking to Ranni at the Nokstella Waterfall Basin Site of Grace
§ When facing the Baleful Shadow ...
...after continuing forward from the Nokstella Waterfall Basin Site of Grace
§ After killing the Baleful Shadow
§ After using the「 Dark Moon Ring 」
Attacking her after using the「 Dark Moon Ring 」
§ Upon speaking to Miniature Ranni at her chambers Site of Grace after finishing her questline.
§ " Age of Stars " ending cutscene
Ranni's body was willingly slain along with Godwyn's soul (unwillingly) on the Night of the Black Knives, leading to Ranni binding her soul to a life-sized doll, modeled in the likeness of her former mentor described as "the snowy crone" (see Snow Witch Robe ). As seen on her body, she had also inherited the red hair of her father, Radagon of the Golden Order.
After completing her quest line, a new Site of Grace called "Ranni's Chamber" will appear at the top of Ranni's Rise. [ Map Link ] While resting at that Site of Grace, you have the option to speak to the Miniature Ranni . Doing so will have Ranni's spirit explain the details of her plan and her intentions for the world. Hearing this dialogue will change the way Ranni addresses you in the Age of Stars ending, from " Fair Consort" to " Dear Consort".
Some speculate that Ranni and Melina have some sort of close connection, as both are spirits who lost their former bodies and both have opposing eye seals, a trait not seen on most other characters. However, given that Ranni's current doll body (and thus perhaps her eye seal) is based on her former mentor, the old snow witch, it might be that the old snow witch is the one with a connection to Melina, not Ranni.
Ranni's doll body shares a similarity with the Marionette Soldier enemies found throughout the Lands Between that appear to also have come from Liurnia, in that they both were built to have four arms.
If Ranni is attacked after giving her Dark Moon Ring in front of the slayed two finger, she will have a protective barrier, give some dialogue about it being what she deserved for surrounding herself with delusions and then disappear. ( Blaidd will still appear feral and you will be able to obtain his armor and weapon). Using Celestial Dew to atone, will bring Ranni back to her position below the Church (in front of the slain two fingers).
It appears that Ranni's Great Rune is etched upon the surface of the moon. Gideon says that Ranni had cast aside her Great Rune, and the symbol appearing on the moon would likely be where she had placed it.
Ranni likely had a close connection (besides being siblings) with Praetor Rykard at some point in the past, given part of the description of the Blasphemous Claw item "On the night of the dire plot, Ranni rewarded Praetor Rykard with these traces. Should the coming trespass one day transpire, they would serve as a last-resort foil, allowing Rykard to challenge Maliketh the Black Blade, the black beast of Destined Death."
If you attack Ranni or her Allies at all before she falls into her slumber, Ranni will no longer become available to you at Ranni's Rise . Using Celestial Dew to atone will bring Ranni back to her place.
A talisman adorned with the royal crest.
Lowers FP consumed by skills.
An honor said to have once been awarded to Carian knights who served as direct retainers to the kingdom's princesses. Now there is only one princess: Ranni, daughter of Rennala.
Legendary sorcery associated with the Carian queen.
Uses the caster as a vessel to incarnate a cold, dark moon, then sends it floating toward foes. The dark moon dispels all sorcery that touches it, and temporarily reduces magic damage negation for those it strikes.
This moon was encountered by a young Ranni, led by the hand of her mother, Rennala. What she beheld was cold, dark and veiled in occult mystery.
Witch's pointed hat, frigid and frozen through. Of a style associated with practitioners of heretical sorcery. Strengthens cold sorcery.
Once worn by the snowy crone who the young Ranni encountered deep in the woods. She was a witch, and well versed in cold sorceries. It is said that the doll that houses Ranni's soul was modeled after her.
That old witch was Ranni's secret mentor.
Greatsword decorated in royal Carian Style. Favored weapon of Blaidd the Half-Wolf.
In defiance of the fate he was born to, Blaidd swore to serve no master but Ranni. As proof the sword was imbued with a cold magic at the moment oath was sworn.
Sorcery of Adula, the Glintstone Dragon.
Conjures a cold magic greatsword, then delivers a sweeping blow that launches a blade-like projectile of frost. This sorcery can be cast repeatedly.
Adula, a devourer of sorcerers, was bested by Ranni and subsequently swore a knightly oath to her Dark Moon.
Small metal roundshield. Heavier than a wooden shield, but boasts higher damage negation.
The ice crest originates from a Carian princess.
Though the effect is slight, it boosts magic damage negation and resistance to frost.
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot. Engraved with the crest of the Carian Royals.
Throw at enemies to cause buildup of frost.
Originates from the cold, dark moon of Ranni, the Carian princess.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Radahn. Its blessing raises maximum HP, FP and Stamina.
Radahn was amongst the children of Rennala and Radagon, who became demigod stepchildren after Radagon's union with Queen Marika.
The Great Rune burns, to resist the encroachment of the scarlet rot.
A slab of rock engraved with traces of the Rune of Death.
Can deflect the power of the Black Blade.
On the night of the dire plot, Ranni rewarded Praetor Rykard with these traces. Should the coming trespass one day transpire, they would serve as a last-resort foil, allowing Rykard to challenge Maliketh the Black Blade, the black beast of Destined Death.
Cursemark carved into the discarded flesh of Ranni the Witch. Also known as the half-wheel wound of the centipede.
This cursemark was carved at the moment of Death of the first demigod, and should have taken the shape of a circle.
However, two demigods perished at the same time, breaking the cursemark into two half-wheels. Ranni was the first of the demigods whose flesh perished, while the Prince of Death perished in soul alone.
The hidden treasure of the Eternal City of Nokron; a blade said to have been born of a corpse.
This blood-drenched fetish is proof of the high treason committed by the Eternal City and symbolizes its downfall.
Cannot be wielded by those without a fate, but is said to be able to harm the Greater Will and its vassals.
A doll resembling Ranni the Witch.
From head to toe every detail is perfect.
This unresponsive doll seems pleasantly cool.
A key discarded by Lunar Princess Ranni alongside her very flesh.
Opens a treasure chest passed down to Carian Princesses.
It is said to be found in the Grand Library of Raya Lucaria with her mother Rennala.
Ring depicting a leaden full moon. Symbolic of a cold oath, the ring is supposed to be given by Lunar Princess Ranni to her consort.
Ranni is an Empyrean, meaning her consort would by rights earn the title of lord. A warning is engraved within; "Whoever thou mayest be, take not the ring from this place, the solitude beyond the night is better mine alone."
A Moon Greatsword, bestowed by a Carian queen upon her spouse to honor long-standing tradition. One of the legendary armaments.
Ranni's sigil is a full moon, cold and leaden, and this sword is but a beam of its light.
Now, I have a fairly good idea who performed the rite upon the blade. The person who orchestrated the Night of the Black Knives. Lunar Princess Ranni. One of the children born to King Consort Radagon and his first wife, Rennala. Demigod and sister to General Radahn and Praetor Rykard. Her's was the name I discovered in the imprint. Truly, you have my thanks. But, if I might be so bold, I would also like to ask something more of you. If Ranni truly is the one who plotted that fateful night, then she should bear the cursemark of Destined Death somewhere upon her flesh. I would like you to procure it for me. And then all will be laid bare. I will have the answers I have sought for so long.
I have some idea of Ranni's potential whereabouts. There's a manor to the north of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. It is the familial home of the Carian royals from whom Ranni descends. There's been talk of the old royals' vassals gathering there in recent years. Ranni's whereabouts since the Shattering are a well-kept secret. She hasn't been seen even once. But I suspect she might have returned to the manor in which she was born...
I see... When Ranni shed her flesh, she shed the cursemark, too. You know, not everyone would trust such a tale... But, if she in her current form is nothing more than the living doll you profess... Then perhaps it's true after all.
Oh, so you were the one. Lady Ranni has explained everything. Again, I am Iji. The Carian royal family's dedicated blacksmith, and Lady Ranni's war counsellor. I am told that you are searching for Nokron with Blaidd. I will give you whatever guidance I can. And pray for your success. My apologies for the misleading words of warning. I never imagined that an audience, let alone service to Lady Ranni was in your fate. I, for one, should have seen it, but I did not. Do forgive me, my fellow. Let us give all that we can of ourselves. Together, for Lady Ranni.
Blaidd is Lady Ranni's stepbrother. Ranni's mother, Queen Rennala, approved of him, and they played like siblings from childhood. They were always happy to have me tag along, as well. When Lady Ranni renounced her flesh, and chose the dark path of the Empyrean, Blaidd and I swore allegiance as vassals, but none of us will ever forget our earliest days together. Promise to look after Blaidd for me, will you? The man is honest to a fault. But fortunately, now he has you.
Ah, you've finally come. Blaidd told me everything. You've defeated General Radahn, unlocking the stars. The General was blighted by scarlet rot and driven to madness, but not long ago he was hailed as the mightiest demigod of them all. There is no parallel to your achievement. Nor to Lady Ranni's acute judgment of character. Thanks to you, Lady Ranni's fate once again stirs, and the path to Nokron has opened. Descend underground where the fallen star struck Limgrave. And make it yours. The precious treasure of Nokron.
Oh, there you are. Good of you to drop by. Have you heard? Lady Ranni has departed on her journey. Along the dark path of the Empyrean, from Renna’s Rise, as she calls it. It would not have been possible without you. As Lady Ranni’s war counselor, and moreover, her childhood warden, I express my deepest gratitude. You, and only you, were Lady Ranni’s true champion. My purpose is nearing its end. I've served Lady Ranni for as long as I can remember...It has been a long and wondrous journey. Now Lady Ranni is in your hands. I pray that you serve her well, unto the very end.
Ahh, long time, friend. Blaidd, if you’ve forgotten. Glad to have you in the service of mistress Ranni.
Hmm… So Ranni’s fate is kept in stasis by Starscourge Radahn… That reminds me of something I heard. There’s a festival being held at the castle on the southern edge of the Caelid Wilds, east of Limgrave. It’s a festival of combat. And I heard… that you can fight Radahn himself. He who was once called the strongest of all the demigods… Maybe it’s just a coincidence, but I think it’s worth investigating. I’ll be on my way to this festival of Radahn then… You’re coming too, right? To Radahn’s festivities… I’ll meet you at Redmane Castle in Caelid. The way ahead is pleasingly simple. We fight, sword and fang.
Ah, there you are. Took your sweet time. The players are all made up, and waiting for the curtain… Let’s give them a show to remember, eh. Just don’t you go dying on me. For Ranni’s sake, too.
Ah, good. I was waiting for you. What a sick way to fight, eh. The glory of the clash is shared, by Radahn and you. And hah! Did you see that, afterwards? A falling star, right before our eyes! I can’t fathom how Radahn was holding back something of that scale. He was a living legend, if ever I saw one. And, the path has now been cleared. To Nokron, where Ranni’s fate will be decided. Let’s meet where the falling star bit the earth. We’ll take up our swords once more. For mistress Ranni.
I am the witch Ranni. I stole Death long ago, and search now for the dark path. That I might one day upend the whole of it, and rid the world of all that came before.
Ranni the Witch , also known as Lunar Princess Ranni , is a character in ELDEN RING (2022) . She is one of the Demigods , and the focus of one of the game's most elaborate questlines.
1 Background 1.1 The Night of Black Knives 1.2 The Shattering
1.1 The Night of Black Knives
2 Character Information 2.1 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Originally known as Lunar Princess Ranni , she was the daughter of Radagon , a champion of the Golden Order , and Queen Rennala , head of both the Carian Royal Family and the Academy of Raya Lucaria . She had two older brothers, Radahn and Rykard . [ 1 ]
Ranni was also an Empyrean , meaning she had the potential to one day succeed Queen Marika as the divine ruler of the Lands Between . [ 2 ] The Two Fingers chose her as a potential successor and granted her a Shadow by the name of Blaidd to be her vassal. [ 3 ] He was approved of by Rennala, and was raised as her foster brother. Ranni grew up playing with Blaidd, and they were often accompanied by Iji , a troll blacksmith who served the Carian royals. [ 4 ]
Led by the hand of her mother Rennala, young Ranni would encounter her Dark Moon . What she beheld was cold, dark and veiled in occult mystery. [ 5 ] Deep in the woods, she would also encounter a snowy crone, known simply as the " Snow Witch ", who would go on to become her secret mentor. [ 6 ] She was an old witch well versed in cold-based sorceries, and she taught Ranni to fear the dark moon as she imparted her magic. [ 7 ] [ 8 ] The full Dark Moon, cold and leaden, would become Ranni's sigil and symbol of her power and authority. [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
At some point, Ranni's father would abandon her mother in order to marry Queen Marika and assume the title of second Elden Lord . Ranni and her siblings were thus raised to demigod status by their new stepmother. [ 11 ]
Although the Two Fingers had chosen her as Marika's successor, Ranni did not wish to be a puppet for the Greater Will and resented her Empyrean fate. In order to escape it, Ranni stole a fragment of the Rune of Death from Maliketh, the Black Blade , and through fearsome rite, imbued it into the blades of Numen assassins close to Queen Marika herself. She also gave a fragment to her brother Rykard as a last resort, so he could kill Maliketh if necessary. [ 12 ] Ranni plotted for the assassins to kill another individual while she simultaneously killed herself, slaying her own body while the other person died in spirit, thus freeing herself from being an Empyrean. [ 13 ]
In what would become known as the Night of Black Knives , the assassins murdered Godwyn the Golden , killing him in spirit, while Ranni killed herself in body, transferring her spirit into a doll said to be modeled after the image of her mentor, the Snow Witch. [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] This marked the step-siblings as the first demigod casualties in history. [ 17 ] Ranni's fate and her involvement in the plot remained largely unknown by the denizens of the Lands Between. [ 18 ]
At some point after the Night of Black Knives, Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring . Ranni claimed a Great Rune , but appears to have discarded it, [ 19 ] and largely remained outside of the conflict that followed. As a consequence of her doll body, Ranni required extended periods of hibernation and withdrew from the world, hiding in the Carian Manor while her agents worked to bring about her plan of ridding the Lands Between of the influence of the Greater Will , allowing her to pursue her divine ascension on her own terms.
Long after the Shattering, when the Tarnished return to the Lands Between, Ranni hears of a Tarnished champion hurtling about on a spectral steed gifted to them by Melina . Ranni approaches them at a site of grace, asking if they indeed have the spectral steed. She'll then give the Tarnished the Spirit Calling Bell , noting Torrent's former master had entrusted her with giving it to the next owner.
The Tarnished champion, for their own purposes, makes their way into the Carian Manor and comes face to face with Ranni once again. Ranni accepts the Tarnished into her service and bids them to find a way into Nokron , hoping to claim its treasure; a weapon with which she could kill the Two Fingers who had chosen her as an Empyrean. The champion manages find their way into Nokron and secures the city's treasure for Ranni, whereupon she departs to Nokstella . The champion finds her there and she compels the champion to rid her of the Shadows sent by the Two Fingers to kill her. With the last Shadow defeated, Ranni rewards her champion with the keys to a chest containing a ring intended to be bestowed to her future consort, and achieves her goal of slaying the Two Fingers.
Should the Tarnished champion find the ring and give it to Ranni, she will take the champion as her new consort, and grant them a greatsword as a symbol of their union. She will reveal to them the full extent of her plan: to succeed Queen Marika as god and usher in her " Age of the Stars ", removing herself far from the Lands Between to journey out into the cosmos, allowing its inhabitants to have free will over their own choices and live their lives without the interference of the Greater Will. After defeating the Elden Beast , the Tarnished is able to summon Ranni and usher in her age if they so choose.
Completing Ranni's questline will unlock the Age of the Stars ending .
(Optional) Church of Elleh After meeting Melina and obtaining the Spectral Steed Whistle , use Torrent at least once. After that, rest on any Site of Grace. Then, fast travel to the Church of Elleh Site of Grace and find Ranni (using the pseudonym " Renna ") sitting on a broken wall. Exhaust her dialogue to receive the Spirit Calling Bell and Lone Wolf Ashes for free. If you miss this step, these items will be available for purchase at the Twi

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Fia the Deathbed Companion
Fia is a Tarnished NPC in Elden Ring . Fia is a deathbed companion that you will find inside a small bedroom at the Roundtable Hold. Her embrace will give you a special consumable that can increase poise called the Baldachin's Blessing , at the cost of a debuff that slightly decreases your maximum HP . You can ostensibly come back for more if you happen to run out of this consumable. Fia's Questline Steps are highlighted below.
See Fia, Deathbed Companion Lore
Greetings, great champion called by grace. I am Fia. Circumstances have compelled my stay at the Roundtable Hold.
Fia can be found at the Roundtable Hold and later again after defeating Fia's Champions in Deeproot Depths .
This NPC can be fought and killed, but only in a later stage of her questline. If killed, drops: Fia's Hood Fia's Robe
If killed, drops: Fia's Hood Fia's Robe
Grants Baldachin's Blessing if you allow her to hold you. Decreases your max. HP by 5% for as long as you keep it in your inventory. After consuming it and its effect ending, you will regain your full HP. She grants you Baldachin's Blessing infinitely as long as you don't have one currently in your inventory.
She grants you Baldachin's Blessing infinitely as long as you don't have one currently in your inventory.
Note: The beginning of Fia’s questline is skipped after gaining access to Crumbling Farum Azula
After starting the festival at Redmane Castle to fight Starscourge Radahn , you can return to Fia and embrace her. She will gain an additional line of dialogue during which she will hand you a Weathered Dagger . Take this dagger to D, Hunter of the Dead at the Roundtable Hold to progress the quest.
Talk to Sorcerer Rogier about his interest in the Black Knives, then speak to Fia again. She will give you a Knifeprint Clue that reveals the location of a Black Knifeprint .
After this, reload the area. You will find Fia in a newly opened room near the blacksmith, but then she will disappear.
Make your way to the Across the Roots Site of Grace [ Map Link ] in Deeproot Depths and enter the boss arena to the north. After defeating Fia's Champions , you will find her seated at the back of the arena. Speak with her and choose to be hugged to advance her quest. She will then ask you to bring her the Cursemark of Death , a key item from Ranni's questline. If Fia is not present and has already killed D and has vanished from Roundtable Hold , you may need to take extra steps to make her appear. Defeat the Valiant Gargoyles and rest in the coffin in their boss arena to reach Deeproot Depths. Fia may appear after taking the coffin route to Deeproot Depths. Alternatively, you can access Deeproot Depths by revealing two illusory walls south of the Frenzied Flame Proscription Site of Grace [ Map Link ]. Note that a big chunk of her questline can be skipped, if one so desires (main Quest spoilers ahead!): Once the player progressed through the main events of the game up to the point of burning the Erdtree, Fia will relocate to the Deeproot Depths even if the player never interacted with her. This way, all of the steps mentioned above are skipped. [ Elden Ring Map Link ] The arena is large. Run up to the way gate in the northeast of the area, which is currently disabled, to trigger the fight. You will then be allowed to summon your spirit ash Fia's Champions will spawn. If the player chooses to use this method, they will still find D, Hunter of the Dead 's corpse on the ground where he is normally found (at Roundtable Hold, down the hall from Hewg), but Fia will not stand above it and then vanish since she already left the Roundtable Hold .
Note that a big chunk of her questline can be skipped, if one so desires (main Quest spoilers ahead!): Once the player progressed through the main events of the game up to the point of burning the Erdtree, Fia will relocate to the Deeproot Depths even if the player never interacted with her. This way, all of the steps mentioned above are skipped. [ Elden Ring Map Link ] The arena is large. Run up to the way gate in the northeast of the area, which is currently disabled, to trigger the fight. You will then be allowed to summon your spirit ash Fia's Champions will spawn.
The arena is large. Run up to the way gate in the northeast of the area, which is currently disabled, to trigger the fight.
You will then be allowed to summon your spirit ash
Fia's Champions will spawn.
If the player chooses to use this method, they will still find D, Hunter of the Dead 's corpse on the ground where he is normally found (at Roundtable Hold, down the hall from Hewg), but Fia will not stand above it and then vanish since she already left the Roundtable Hold .
Bringing back the Cursemark of Death will nearly end her quest. After you give it to her, she will give the player a Radiant Baldachin's Blessing . Exhaust her dialog and upon reloading the area, she'll be asleep. Inspecting her will let you enter the Deathbed Dream to fight Lichdragon Fortissax .
Winning this fight will allow you to pick up the Mending Rune of the Death-Prince from Fia, which will in turn allow you to obtain an alternate ending .
After acquiring the rune, you can give the Twinned armor set to D's brother (NPC sitting on the floor past the corridor to the southeast of the Valiant Gargoyle boss' grace site "Great Waterfall Basin"). Upon returning to Fia, you will find Fia's Set next to her, and if you reload the area, D's brother will leave behind the Twinned Set you gave him, as well as the Inseparable Sword . Killing D's brother will also get you the armor set and the sword.
You can prevent this scene by killing D in his first location, getting his armor, and giving it to his brother early. After reloading the area he can be fought.
Greetings, great champion called by grace. I am Fia. Circumstances have compelled my stay at the Roundtable Hold. Great champion, would you allow me to hold you, but briefly? Perhaps you might share with me some of your lifely vigour, and your stout-heartedness. Doing so will grant me the warmth of a champion. And you, I am sure, will bear a baldachin's blessing. Do you think it vulgar, perhaps? Where I come from, it is a sacred act.
Letting her hold you
"Ah, my thanks, great champion. You are...very warm..." [Player obtains Baldachin's Blessing] "What you felt light up inside you was a baldachin's blessing. Though it is but a fleeting thing, I am afraid. Come back to me, should you require another. I will take you in my arms as often as you need".
I was known as a Deathbed Companion, where I come from. After I received the warmth and lifely vigour from a number of champions, I lay with the remains of an exalted noble, to grant him another chance at life. To do so is the purpose of my being. But before I could bear the noble into new life, I was awakened by the guidance of grace, and chased from my birthplace. Pray, be kind. Despite all that, I still wish to be Deathbed Companion. So please, let me hold you like this, as often as it takes.
About the Black Knifeprint (Do you know...?)
My dear... Have you ever heard of black knifeprints? Dear Rogier likes to talk of it when abed. The ancient plot, in which the first of the Demigods was slain. The black knifes wielded by the assassins who committed the act, along with the impressions they made, somehow hide the truth of the conspiracy. These grand affairs are hardly my forté... But dear Rogier began to weep as he spoke...
In truth I've heard tell from someone else, about the black knifeprints that fascinate dear Rogier so. (receives: Knifeprint Clue ) But It wouldn't be right to give this to him, stuck as he is in the Roundtable Hold. Perhaps you could make use of it?
I heard that you lent a hand to dear Rogier. He seemed positively elated. He must be possessed of great mental fortitude. It anchors his will, and sustains him, despite his grievous wounds. You truly are a champion. To dear Rogier, and myself, too. (receive: Sacrificial Twig x1)
(May I ask a favor?) " My dear? Might I ask something of you? Could you please find the owner of this dagger, and return it to them?" [Receive Weathered Dagger ] " A certain person gave it to me as a gift. It's a very precious thing. It must have a special place in the owner's heart. So I would like for the owner to have it back, if you wouldn't mind."
(Upon D's death) " Finally, it is returned to its rightful place. The stolen hallowbrand, of the exalted noble. And now, I must bid you goodbye as well. Though I ask you deliver this message to the Roundtable Hold. I am Fia, Deathbed Companion. Hark, Roundtable. Disturb not the Death of Godwyn, the exalted. We, who humbly live in Death...Live in waiting, to one day welcome our Lord. What right does anyone have to object? Our Lord will rise. The Lord of the many, and the meek."
At Deeproot Depths after defeating her champions.
"Ah...there you are. I knew you would come. What is it you intend? To deny us, and our ways? Like the dogmatic brutes of the Golden Order?"
(Answering her "That's Right") "I see. Then you must kill me. For I am the companion of Godwyn, Prince of Death. I wished to be a mother to Those Who Live in Death. So it is, that any loathing, any hatred that overshadows them... I must bear, as a matter of duty, with my own flesh. (You can talk to her again to get the chance to change your choice) "Go on, kill me. You deny us, do you not? Because we deign to live in Death, and wish our Lord to rise to glory.
(Answering "No, I want to be held") "You are an odd one. I am the guardian of Those Who Live in Death. They call me a foul and rotten witch. Yet you still wish to be held by me?" Proceeds to hug her.
Talk in Secret 1 "Have you ever seen a hallowbrand? When the first of the demigods died, his flesh was marked with the half-wheel wound of the centipede. Godwyn's hallowbrand has since been recovered at the Roundtable Hold. But there is another hallowbrand out there somewhere. And I must find it. Before the time comes we receive our Lord."
Talk in Secret 2 "When Godwyn died, a hallowbrand scored his flesh. But another exists. Another mark in the shape of the half-wheel wound of the centipede. And I must find it. Before the time comes we receive our Lord. My hands will be dirtied once more by the deed. Will you still let me hold you, even then?" Gives you the choice to "Give Cursemark of Death".
§ Give Cursemark of Death: "This...is the other hallowbrand. How did you... Oh, my utmost thanks. With this, Godwyn can take his rightful place as First of the Dead. And claim a second, illustrious life. You are my-- our true champion. And though I can't be of any use to you... Can I hold you tight, if only for a moment?" Holds tighter. Grants Radiant Baldachin's Blessing .
Talk in Secret 3 "I will soon lay with Godwyn. And it will surely stir within me. The new life of the golden prince, and first Dead of the demigods, as the rune of Those Who Live in Death. Please, do one thing for me. Brandish this child, my rune, and take for yourself the throne. Stay the persecution of Those Who Live in Death. By becoming our Elden Lord."
Talk in Secret 4 "I will soon lay with Godwyn. To conceive my child, the rune. Brandish my rune, and take for yourself the throne. Stay the persecution of Those Who Live in Death. By becoming our Elden Lord."
§ Talk in Secret 5 (Being held after reloading, before she sleeps) "This is goodbye, my dear. But I am satisfied. I choose to lie with Godwyn of my own will. Not the remains of one chosen for me. And I will bear a child. Who will inherit your warmth, too. What greater blessing could there be, but to be born a Deathbed Companion?"
Godwyn... Is that you, dear?
Will your kind never stop? Ravaging... the weak?
Fia's name in earlier versions of the game was “Lady Yuliya.”
You can find Lionel's desiccated corpse on a bed in Leyndell alongside Fia's dress
Receiving Fia's embrace will result in a debuff that lowers 5% of total vitality but can be removed from using Baldachin's Blessing .
Allowing Fia to grant her blessing will trigger an animation where she will embrace the Tarnished. [Fia holding the Tarnished close when offering her blessing.]
Receiving Fia's embrace while playing online will result in the player's build being uploaded to the Elden Ring server to be used as one of the randomized Fia's Champions .
Dagger received from Fia, the Deathbed Companion.
She wishes for it to be returned to its rightful owner.
It was once a special weapon of gold and silver intertwined, but is now worn down and marred by a black gash.
Favor bestowed by a deathbed companion. Protection of a hidden temple in the guise of a bedchamber.
Uses FP to temporarily boost poise.
The favor allows one to forget any aches and pains. In Death, there is only peace, for in Death, there can be no sensation.
Protection of a hidden temple in the guise of a bedchamber. This blessing is of the utmost rarity.
Uses FP to temporarily raise poise. The effect lasts longer than a mere favor.
It's said a deathbed companion will only produce a blessing of this kind for a champion but once in her entire life. The sole blessing which she imbues of her own volition.
Sorcery of Fia, the Deathbed Companion.
Creates a deathly mist before the caster, which inflicts Death blight upon those who enter. This sorcery can be cast while in motion. Charging enhances range of the mist.
This sorcery was developed to oppose the Roundtable Hold, and is effective only against the Tarnished.
Round iron armor with a banner extending from its back. Worn by the Lionel the Lionhearted.
When this chivalrous dauntless knight met Fia, who had been driven from her home, he declared himself to be her father.
Rune gestated by Fia, the Deathbed Companion. Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord.
Formed of the two hallowbrand half-wheels combined, it will embed the principle of life within Death into Order.
The Golden Order was created by confining Destined Death. Thus, this new Order will be one of Death restored.
I have a matter of my own to attend to. I spotted the mark of the centipede here in the village. An ill-omened symbol that should not be. Someone, or something, threatens the sanctity of the Golden Order. And must be eradicated.
I serve the Golden Order. That I might put this crooked land to rights. Following only the guidance of the great Elden Ring. Those Who Live in Death fall outside the principles of the Golden Order. Their mere existence sullies the guidance of gold. Tainting its truth. And so it is the vermin must be exterminated... Down to the very last.
Well, what have we here? How did you get your hands on that dagger? ...Well. That hardly matters. I know very well whose dagger it is. Why don't I return it to them for you? Good work, bringing this to me.
I'm afraid there's something I must tell you. Do you know of Those Who Live in Death? The very notion of life in death defies the Golden Order. By D's account, these defiled fiends must be expunged. But truth be told, I seek the cursemark to save them. You may find this peculiar, but I discovered something in my examination of the Night of the Black Knives. These souls have committed no offence. They have every right to life, only, they happened to touch upon a flaw in the Order.
Hmm. Maybe I should tell you. Lately, I feel I'm on the precipice... Of falling into a deep...fathomless slumber. And I have an inkling it could spell trouble for you, somehow. So I just wanted to get the apology out of the way, beforehand.
You will know vengeance for Darian. The wrath of D...
Ah. Hello. The rotten witch is dead. The Golden Order, unsullied. Now I can look my brother Darian in the eye. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver my spirit.
Darian, now I have no regrets. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver my spirit.
Very well. Then you are a blight. A defiler of the Golden Order, and murderer of my brother. Die! Die! Die! I'll grind your corpse into that vile wench's rotting remains. A witch's eternal embrace, just as you wished!
Greetings, great champion called by grace. I am Fia.
- Fia, Deathbed Companion
Fia, Deathbed Companion is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Fia was once a Deathbed Companion. She would receive the warmth and vigor from champions, and then lay with the remains of an exalted noble, to grant him another chance at life. [ 1 ] This was the sole purpose of Fia's existence, and was considered a sacred act in her homeland. [ 2 ]
However, before Fia could bear the noble into new life, she was awakened by the guidance of grace, and chased from her birthplace, travelling to the Lands Between . [ 3 ] At some point she met a chivalrous knight by the name of Lionel the Lionhearted . Upon meeting the exiled Fia, Lionel declared himself to be her father, and became her loyal companion.. [ 4 ]
Fia found herself in Roundtable Hold , where she continued to perform her role as a Deathbed Companion. Here, she encountered Rogier , a spellblade obsessed with Those Who Live in Death, and a Tarnished champion seeking to become Elden Lord . Rogier began an investigation into the events surrounding the Night of Black Knives , which had led to the death of Godwyn, aided by the Tarnished champion. Fia subtly aided the pair in their investigation, pointing them towards the Black Knifeprint [ 5 ] , and granted her services to the Tarnished champion, taking their warmth and vigor in exchange for her blessings.
Unbeknownst to the other Tarnished of Roundtable Hold, Fia was the companion of Godwyn , the Prince of Death, and wished to become a mother to Those Who Live in Death. [ 6 ] After asking the Tarnished to return a Weathered Dagger to D, Hunter of the Dead , Fia kills D, who was in possession of one half of the Cursemark of Death [ 7 ] ,  and returns the Cursemark to the malformed corpse of Godwyn in Deeproot Depths . She then solicits the assistance of the Tarnished in retrieving the other half of the Cursemark, which she uses to gestate a Mending Rune that can embed the principle of Life in Death into Order. [ 8 ]
D, Beholder of Death , seeking revenge for his brother, D, kills Fia after she creates her Mending Rune.
Fia's questline ties into the questlines of several other NPCs, and is required in order to achieve the Age of the Duskborn ending.
Roundtable Hold Fia can be found in her room in Roundtable Hold. Initially she will be available to provide a Baldachin's Blessing. After Rogier comes to Roundtable Hold and discusses the Night of Black Knives, Fia will provide a Knifeprint Clue. The Black Knifeprint must be obtained and given to Rogier.
Fia can be found in her room in Roundtable Hold. Initially she will be available to provide a Baldachin's Blessing.
After Rogier comes to Roundtable Hold and discusses the Night of Black Knives, Fia will provide a Knifeprint Clue. The Black Knifeprint must be obtained and given to Rogier.
Roundtable Hold After triggering the Radahn Festival, Fia will ask you to return the Weathered Dagger to its rightful owner. You must give this to D, Hunter of the Dead, and reload the area. Fia can now be found in a previously locked room, standing over D's corpse. Exhaust her dialogue and she will disappear.
After triggering the Radahn Festival, Fia will ask you to return the Weathered Dagger to its rightful owner. You must give this to D, Hunter of the Dead, and reload the area.
Fia can now be found in a previously locked room, standing over D's corpse. Exhaust her dialogue and she will disappear.
Deeproot Depths Defeat Fia's Champions and rest at the Site of Grace. Fia will be sitting in front of Godwyn's corpse. She will offer you the opportunity to kill her. To continue her questline, select "No, I want to be held." Selecting "That's right" will not lock you out of the rest of the questline, and you can change your mind by speaking to her again. While being held, choose "Talk in Secret" to learn about the Cursemark of Death.
Defeat Fia's Champions and rest at the Site of Grace. Fia will be sitting in front of Godwyn's corpse. She will offer you the opportunity to kill her. To continue her questline, select "No, I want to be held." Selecting "That's right" will not lock you out of the rest of the questline, and you can change your mind by speaking to her again.
While being held, choose "Talk in Secret" to learn about the Cursemark of Death.
Divine Tower of Liurnia In order to access the Divine Tower of Liurnia, you need to have progressed Ranni the Witch 's quest and received the Carian Inverted Statue . Use the statue on the pedestal in the first room of the Carian Study Hall and progress through the area to the Divine Tower. Retrieve the Cursemark of Death from the top of the tower.
In order to access the Divine Tower of Liurnia, you need to have progressed Ranni the Witch 's quest and received the Carian Inverted Statue . Use the statue on the pedestal in the first room of the Carian Study Hall and progress through the area to the Divine Tower.
Retrieve the Cursemark of Death from the top of the tower.
Deeproot Depths Speak to Fia again and select "Talk in Secret" until you receive the option to hand Fia the Cursemark of Death. Exhaust her dialogue once again and reload the area to find her sleeping.
Speak to Fia again and select "Talk in Secret" until you receive the option to hand Fia the Cursemark of Death.
Exhaust her dialogue once again and reload the area to find her sleeping.
Deathbed Dream Interact with Fia's body to enter the Deathbed Dream. Defeat Lichdragon Fortissax to return to Deeproot Depths.
Interact with Fia's body to enter the Deathbed Dream. Defeat Lichdragon Fortissax to return to Deeproot Depths.
Deeproot Depths Loot the Mending Rune of the Death-Prince from Fia's body. This will allow you to achieve the Age of Duskborn ending. Reload the area to find Fia dead, with D, Beholder of Death standing over her.
Loot the Mending Rune of the Death-Prince from Fia's body. This wi

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: D Hunter of the Dead
D, Hunter of the Dead is a Tarnished NPC in Elden Ring . D is a hunter of the undead who can be found where the Tibia Mariner boss is located, and later at the Roundtable Hold . When you first encounter D , he will warn you that the nearby small town of Summonwater Village has been taken over by a Mariner . If the player shows him Deathroot and takes him up on his offer of introduction, he will mark your map with a red "Sending Gate" waypoint, indicating that it will take you to the Beast Clergymen .
See D, Hunter of the Dead Lore
I’m known as D. I hunt Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot.
D, Hunter of the Dead can be found mourning a person dead at his feet in Stormhill, Limgrave. Here, he will warn you against going any further east towards Summonwater Village . [ Map Link ]
Defeating the boss in the village will then cause him to move to the southwestern entrance of Summonwater Village . [ Map Link ]
If not spoken to in the above location(s), D can subsequently be found at Roundtable Hold. There seem to be different triggers to this. After some testing it appears D moves after activating a Site of grace in the outer areas of Caelid, Dragonbarrow or Altus. Reaching Liurnia instead does not trigger him to move, nor just obtaining a Deathroot or going underground.
D can be summoned to help you fight the Black Knife Assassin in Black Knife Catacombs and the Tibia Mariner in East Liurnia.
This NPC can be fought (only possible when first meeting him in Limgrave).
If defeated, drops: Twinned Helm Twinned Armor Twinned Gauntlets Twinned Greaves D's Bell Bearing
D, Hunter of the Dead sells Golden Order Incantations .
D, Hunter of the Dead is first found in Stormhill, Limgrave, to the east of Stormhill Shack. Here, he will warn the player of "those who live in death", referring to the undead infestation of Summonwater Village .
He can also be found in Roundtable Hold on your first visit, if you skip first step and defeat Godrick the Grafted or the Red Wolf of Radagon.
You should go to Summonwater Village and defeat the Tibia Mariner boss there, then return to D at the Roundtable Hold or rest at grace and find him by the southwestern entrance in the water of Summonwater Village to continue his quest. He will give you directions to the Bestial Sanctum in Caelid . You can teleport there without having to explore by going to the "Sending Gate" in East Limgrave. [ Map Link ]
Will become available as a merchant once the player has visited Gurranq . Player can return to Roundtable Hold and speak to D, who will give them a dialogue option; selecting "yes" will allow the player to purchase D's incantations.
During Rogier's quest line, a letter left to you by Rogier mentions that D has a younger brother, and hints at his location.
During Fia's and Rogier's quest line, you will be asked to find the owner of a particular Weathered Dagger . D is the owner. Give him the dagger and reload the area. Then, in a newly opened room in the back of the Roundtable Hold, you will find D's Bell Bearing and the Twinned Set .
You can find his twin brother just before the arena for the Valiant Gargoyle boss in Nokron . [ Map Link ] You will receive the Inner Order gesture upon interacting with him.
D's armor ( unaltered ) can optionally be given to his brother. If you do so, and then reload the area (none of the mobs you've killed will respawn), you can summon him for help with the gargoyles. In addition, he will appear again near the end of Fia's quest line. If you don't give him the armor, he will remain on the balcony where he was first encountered.
Alternatively, you can kill D at his first location and give the armor to his brother. After reloading the area or the game, D's brother will be aggressive to you and can be fought.
Moreover, only starting the Radahn festival is the trigger to make Fia give the player the Weathered dagger for D. This part of the quest cannot be completed after reaching Farum Azula. In that moment D's body will be automatically found in the closed room past Hewg and his drop can still be looted.
Introduction at Roundtable Hold
"I don't believe we've met. I'm known as D. I hunt down Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot. Heed my warning. Those Who Live in Death should be left well alone. All the more, should you spy a mariner among their number. Unless you wish to lay down your life in vain."
(If previously spoken to in Limgrave) "Ah... we meet again. I'm glad you took my warning to heart. Those Who Live in Death should be left well alone. All the more, should you spy a mariner among their number."
"Those Who Live in Death should be left well alone. All the more, should you spy a mariner among their number."
Introduction at Limgrave
When approaching from Saintsbridge: "There's no mistake, is there? Death has left its mark once again." When approaching from Summonwater Village : I'm sorry, I cannot give you your proper rites... But at least you did not join Those Who Live in Death. Your soul will return to the Erdtree, in time. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver this spirit."
(When spoken to) " Ah, a Tarnished, are you? I'm known as D. I hunt down Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot. Heed my warning. The village here has been touched by Death. And worse yet, it is home to a mariner. If you value your life, then go no further."
"The village here has been touched by death. Turn back, while you still can."
(When spoken to after obtaining Deathroot) "Ah, a Tarnished, are you? With a prowess for weeding Deathroot. ... I'm known as D. I hunt down Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot." (continues into Gurranq introduction dialogue)
(Warning) <wince> "Don't you dare. Unless you want to die like a dog?"
(Combat) "Very well. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver this spirit."
(On player kill) "I swear, there's a blight spreading amongst the Tarnished..."
"How could this... happen...? Forgive me, Devin... D-Devin..."
After showing Deathroot
"Well, well... Another fool who won't listen to reason, eh? But with a prowess for weeding Deathroot. ... How would you like to earn the strength of beasts? If you're inclined to hunt more of Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot, then I'll introduce you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman. I have a matter of my own to attend to. And the beast himself wishes for someone to take my place. What say you?"
[Accept introduction] "Very well. Show me your map. ... I've marked the location for you. Of a hidden gateway. It will lead you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman." (A red mark was made on the map)
"What is it? Still milling about? The map indicates where the gateway is hidden. It will lead you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman."
"I have a matter of my own to attend to. (If still in Limgrave) I spotted the mark of the centipede here in the village. (If in the Roundtable Hold) I've spotted the mark of the centipede . An ill-omened symbol that should not be. Someone, or something, threatens the sanctity of the Golden Order. And must be eradicated."
[Decline introduction] "Well, all right, then. No sense in forcing you."
[Decline introduction, then talk] (If still in Limgrave) "What now? Had a change of heart?" (If in the Roundtable Hold) "What's wrong? Got cold feet, have you?"
After accepting introduction, before meeting Gurranq
"Ah, hello again. You haven't gone to see Gurranq yet, have you? Well, no rush. You do as you please. Just as long as he doesn't starve to death, eh."
"Go to Gurranq only if you feel the time is right. Killing Those Who Live in Death and weeding their Deathroot... Is a path not to be trod without ample resolve."
After meeting Gurranq
"You've met Gurranq, I take it? Then owing to our duties shared, we are now comrades-in-arms. I think you've earned this. The power of the Golden Order, to aid the hunt of Those Who Live in Death."
"Ah, hello. You've been busy weeding Deathroot, I take it. I thank you, as your brother-in-arms. So, what can I do for you?"
" Ah, hello there. What can I do for you? "
"Did you need something else?"
"I serve the Golden Order. That I might put this crooked land to rights. Following only the guidance of the great Elden Ring. Those Who Live in Death fall outside the principles of the Golden Order. Their mere existence sullies the guidance of gold. Tainting its truth. And so it is the vermin must be exterminated... Down to the very last."
"Are you acquainted with a man named Rogier? You know, the piteous fellow hiding away on the balcony? He was a formidable spellblade, in times past. Don't let his easy air deceive you. He was wise beyond his years, stout of heart and clear of mind. No more though. You see him now, ravaged by thorns, muttering and rambling... Like he's half dead already. I can't stomach to watch. Take well the lesson, friend. That's how you end up, when seduced by Those Who Live in Death. When grace is sullied, it rots people from the inside. Breaks them."
After showing Weathered Dagger
"Well, what have we here? How did you get your hands on that dagger? ...Well. That hardly matters. I know very well whose dagger it is. Why don't I return it to them for you? Good work, bringing this to me."
Sword forged by compounding silver and gold.
A sacred weapon to hunt Those Who Live in Death.
The inseparable twins found solace in the Golden Order, the only institution not to revile them as accursed beings.
The two known as D are inseparable twins.
They are of two bodies and two minds, but one single soul. Not once do they stand together; not one word do they speak to one another.
Perhaps this armor longs to find its way to the other D.
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot. Enchanted by incantations of the Golden Order.
Consumes FP. Throw at enemy to inflict holy damage.
Highly effective against Those Who Live in Death, even preventing them from rising again. The Golden Order has no mercy for those who trespass beyond life's bounds.
Ah, so you've met D. D is an old friend. We found ourselves journeying together for a time, bound by our exploration of Death. But our paths have since diverged. Never again to cross. Though that's hardly an uncommon fate for two friends.
D was telling me. That he discovered the mark of the centipede. The centipede is an ancient symbol of the cursemark. As long as whoever finds and uses it is not nefarious by nature, then we may be able to form an alliance. If only I could speak to them in person. And if they were like you, all the better.
Yes, indeed. If D knew what drives me now, he would surely boil over with rage. Or perhaps, he would even feel some pity.
My dear? Might I ask something of you? Could you please find the owner of this dagger, and return it to them?
A certain person gave it to me as a gift. It's a very precious thing. It must have a special place in the owner's heart. So I would like for the owner to have it back, if you wouldn't mind.
Ah...there you are. I knew you would come. What is it you intend? To deny us, and our ways? Like the dogmatic brutes of the Golden Order?
You will know vengeance for Darian. The wrath of D...
Ah. Hello. The rotten witch is dead. The Golden Order, unsullied. Now I can look my brother Darian in the eye. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver my spirit.
Darian, now I have no regrets. Honeyed rays of gold, deliver my spirit.
Very well. Then you are a blight. A defiler of the Golden Order, and murderer of my brother. Die! Die! Die! I'll grind your corpse into that vile wench's rotting remains. A witch's eternal embrace, just as you wished!
How could this... Forgive me, Darian... D-Darian...
D, Hunter of the Dead's real name is Darian, as revealed by his twin brother after completing Fia's questline.
The name of D(arian)'s twin brother is Devin, as revealed by D(arian) if you kill him when first encountered in Limgrave.
D's name and occupation of hunting the undead is likely a reference to the title character of Vampire Hunter D , a series of Japanese light novels written by Hideyuki Kikuchi and illustrated by Yoshitaka Amano.
If provoked, D wields the Inseparable Sword and a sacred seal, which he uses to cast Beast Claw and Litany of Proper Death .
D, Hunter of the Dead is an NPC in Elden Ring .
3 Character Information 3.1 Basic Info 3.2 Equipment 3.3 Quest Items
4 Questline Progression
Darian, more commonly known as D, Hunter of the Dead is an undead hunter and an ally of Gurranq, the Beast Clergyman . Darian has a twin brother by the name of Devin , who was also called D. While Darien and Devin had different minds and bodies, they shared a single soul, and were reviled as cursed beings. The twins found sanctuary in the Golden Order , the only institution to accept them. [ 1 ]
Darian befriended the spellblade Rogier , with whom he shared an interest in Those Who Live in Death . The two friends eventually parted ways [ 2 ] , each coming to their own conclusion about the undead.
Darian became a proponent of Golden Order fundamentalism and a hunter of Those Who Live in Death , seeking to stamp out defilement and preserve the perfection of the Golden Order. Darian encountered and became an ally of Gurranq, who bid him to weed out Deathroot , a plant which caused the emergence of Those Who Live in Death, so that he might feed it to him.
Following the traces of death, Darian came upon Summonwater Village , where a Tibia Mariner had set up shop. In the outskirts of the village, he encounters a Tarnished champion and warns them to stay away from the village. After the champion defeats the Mariner and weeds out the Deathroot, Darian offers them a deal; to take his place as Gurranq's servant, in exchange for Gurranq sharing with them the strength of beasts.
With other matters to attend to, Darian relocates to Roundtable Hold . After the Tarnished takes him up on his offer, he declares them brothers-in-arms and teaches them the fundamentalist techniques wielded by the hunters of the dead. Another resident of Roundtable Hold and associate of the Tarnished champion is Fia , a deathbed companion and servant of the Prince of Death . Fia gives the Tarnished a dagger, asking them to find its rightful owner. After the Tarnished shows Darian the dagger, he offers to return it to its owner.
Shortly thereafter, Darian is murdered by Fia. The Tarnished champion may retrieve Darian's armor and find his twin . Devin will don the armor, and avenge his brother, finding Fia at the foot of the Prince of Death and murdering her.
Limgrave (Optional) D can first be encountered close to Saintsbridge in Limgrave. He will warn you about Summonwater Village, which is overrun by Those Who Live in Death, including a Tibia Mariner. (Optional) After defeating the Tibia Mariner in Summonwater Village, D will appear appear in the village and offer to introduce you to Gurranq.
(Optional) D can first be encountered close to Saintsbridge in Limgrave. He will warn you about Summonwater Village, which is overrun by Those Who Live in Death, including a Tibia Mariner.
(Optional) After defeating the Tibia Mariner in Summonwater Village, D will appear appear in the village and offer to introduce you to Gurranq.
Roundtable Hold D will appear in Roundtable Hold regardless of whether he was encountered in Limgrave. If you have at least one Deathroot and did not complete step 1, he will offer to introduce you to Gurranq. D will begin selling Incantations after you have met Gurranq. He will also become available as a cooperator in the Black Knife Catacombs as well as against the Tibia Mariner in Liurnia of the Lakes . After progressing Fia's questline, the Weathered Dagger can be given to D. After reloading the area, Fia can be found standing over D's corpse in a previously inaccessible room in Roundtable Hold.
D will appear in Roundtable Hold regardless of whether he was encountered in Limgrave. If you have at least one Deathroot and did not complete step 1, he will offer to introduce you to Gurranq.
D will begin selling Incantations after you have met Gurranq. He will also become available as a cooperator in the Black Knife Catacombs as well as against the Tibia Mariner in Liurnia of the Lakes .
After progressing Fia's questline, the Weathered Dagger can be given to D.
After reloading the area, Fia can be found standing over D's corpse in a previously inaccessible room in Roundtable Hold.
Summon sign in Liurnia
Summon sign in Black Knife Catacombs
Darian's death in the Roundtable Hold
It is possible to summon him as a cooperator for the Tibia Mariner fight in Liurnia of the Lakes and the Black Knife Assassin fight in Black Knife Catacombs.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Diallos
Knight Diallos is a Tarnished NPC in Elden Ring . Diallos is a noble found at the Roundtable Hold , first mentioning that he's looking for his loyal servant, but is later involved in a quest of his own.
The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood.
I, Diallos, swear to deliver that promise.
Diallos can be found at Roundtable Hold .
This NPC changes location, and can later be found at North Liurnia of The Lakes [ Map Link ]
After that, he can be found at Volcano Manor
After that, he can be found at Jarburg
If defeated, drops: Hoslow's Petal Whip , Diallos's Mask .
After talking with Diallos at the Roundtable Hold, you'll find him to the North and slightly West of the Academy Gate Town Site of Grace in Northern Liurnia [ Map link ] atop a sunken roof. Diallos is standing at ground level west of the grace on the northern edge of the town ruins. If you look on the map, he's located at almost exactly the rightmost tip of the Academy Gate Town icon. NOTE: If you complete the Volcano Manor legacy dungeon before speaking to Diallos here, he will not appear and you cannot complete the quest - making this progression a potential point of failure.
Diallos is standing at ground level west of the grace on the northern edge of the town ruins. If you look on the map, he's located at almost exactly the rightmost tip of the Academy Gate Town icon.
NOTE: If you complete the Volcano Manor legacy dungeon before speaking to Diallos here, he will not appear and you cannot complete the quest - making this progression a potential point of failure.
He will then be at the Roundtable Hold again. Exhaust his dialogue, where he talks about having discovered where the recusants are coming from.
He'll be at Volcano Manor, in the drawing room, having decided to join the organization. Diallos gets new dialogue for every step of the Volcano Manor assassination sidequests the player completes. His last line of dialogue before he relocates has him lament over how easily he was swayed to join the recusants.
After accepting the second letter from Volcano Manor OR after defeating Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy he will leave Volcano Manor. If he does not leave Volcano Manor after you receive 2 letters, reload the area and exhaust all his dialogues. Reload the area and exhaust the dialogs again (when approaching him, he should say something like "my brother was right", if this does not happen, you need to reload the area again and exhaust his dialogs). After that, he should disappear from the Manor. It is possible to skip doing any of the assassination missions and still have Diallos appear in Jarburg. Exhaust what dialogue you can with him, defeat Rykard , visit Volcano Manor to see he is no longer there, speak to Jar-Bairn in Jarburg and find Diallos there.
If he does not leave Volcano Manor after you receive 2 letters, reload the area and exhaust all his dialogues. Reload the area and exhaust the dialogs again (when approaching him, he should say something like "my brother was right", if this does not happen, you need to reload the area again and exhaust his dialogs). After that, he should disappear from the Manor.
It is possible to skip doing any of the assassination missions and still have Diallos appear in Jarburg. Exhaust what dialogue you can with him, defeat Rykard , visit Volcano Manor to see he is no longer there, speak to Jar-Bairn in Jarburg and find Diallos there.
After leaving Volcano Manor, he will relocate to Jarburg , but only after progressing Jar-Bairn 's questline. He will appear in Jarburg in one of the shacks, tending to a little jar. Repeatedly talk to Jar-Bairn and rest at the Site of Grace in Jarburg until Jar-Bairn talks about poachers. If you've gotten this questline to advance, Jar-Bairn will talk about a new Potentate who's just arrived.
Repeatedly talk to Jar-Bairn and rest at the Site of Grace in Jarburg until Jar-Bairn talks about poachers. If you've gotten this questline to advance, Jar-Bairn will talk about a new Potentate who's just arrived.
After seeing him in Jarburg , let some time pass. Once enough time has passed, and you can talk to Diallos once more. After exhausting dialogue with him and Jar-Bairn you can rest to advance the quest.
After exhausting Alexander's dialogue in Radahn's Arena after Radahn's defeat and thus progressing that questline, return to Jarburg. It will have been attacked and Diallos is wounded. Exhaust his and Jar-Bairn's dialogue and he'll ask if he was able to defend the jars, to which you can tell him he succeeded or he failed. He will die shortly after either way. Upon reloading the area, Jar-Bairn will move over to Diallos, scavenging his remains and taking up Diallos's legacy.Upon another reloading of the area, Jar-Bairn will move to the first location. If you have defeated Radahn and have already talked to Alexander in his location, but Jarburg has not been attacked, you should go to the Starcourge Radahn Site of Grace, and then back to Jarburg. It is possible that one night cycle may be required to progress this quest. Try resting at the site of grace in Jarburg and "Pass Time until nightfall" to force the poacher attack to occur.
If you have defeated Radahn and have already talked to Alexander in his location, but Jarburg has not been attacked, you should go to the Starcourge Radahn Site of Grace, and then back to Jarburg.
It is possible that one night cycle may be required to progress this quest. Try resting at the site of grace in Jarburg and "Pass Time until nightfall" to force the poacher attack to occur.
Exhaust Jar-Bairn's dialogue and reload the area and, Diallos’s body will disappear, leaving behind Diallos's Mask , Hoslow's Petal Whip , and Numen's Rune .
Complete the remainder of Alexander 's questline, then return here to give Jar Bairn Alexander's Innards . Reload the area again to Receive the Companion Jar Talisman from where Jar-Bairn was previously seated.
At Academy Gate Town
Lanya... Lanya... It's me Diallos. Answer me, would you?
Hello, friend. Tell me if you know, would you. The whereabouts of the hidden house of those despicable fiends. The recusants who hunt their fellow Tarnished. They laid hands upon my servant Lanya, and I refuse to let the insult stand. "The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood." I, Diallos, swear to deliver the message.
They laid hands upon my servant Lanya, and I refuse to let the insult stand. "The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood." I, Diallos, swear to deliver the message.
At Academy Gate Town (if meeting for the first time)
Who on earth are you? Hmph, never mind. But tell me if you know, would you. The whereabouts of the hidden house of those despicable fiends. The recusants who hunt their fellow Tarnished. They laid hands upon my servant Lanya, and I refuse to let the insult stand. The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood. I, Diallos, swear to deliver the message.
At the Roundtable Hold
Ah, you again is it? The recusants sent a lackey. Can you believe they invited me to join them? Now! After what they did... I can scarcely believe it myself. Do they think me a fool? You might be surprised to learn I took them up on the offer. Then I only had to ask. The location of the recusant hideout. It's on Mt. Gelmir, found off the old road that leads west from the town of windmills. That's where they hide. The manor on the peak. Just you wait, wretched recusants. You'll rue the day you insulted my name by laying hands on Lanya. "The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood" after all.
Ah. Oh... I-it's you is it? Well. Nice to see you again. So you've been invited as well, I see. Then we're comrades in arms, henceforth. You watch my back, and I'll watch yours, yes?
I, um... I can tell... You're wondering about Lanya... Well, you see, I... After much internal debate. I've come to realise... Revenge is not the answer According to Lady Tanith... I've got the stuff of champions. And champions, ironic as it is, are oft forced walk a tainted a path. It hit me like a bolt from the blue... That my former thoughts were simple naiveté. Of course, my heart weeps for Lanya. That unfortunate incident was a cruel twist of fate indeed. But succumbing to the pain and sadness caused won't make me a champion, will it. Lanya knows this, I'm certain. Fate has laid hard roads for us both. But such is true of any road trod by champions.
I always resented these hands. Their pale complexion, a far cry from any warrior's. The shame of House Hoslow. But that won't be the case for long. They'll be darkened by grit, once I've set out on the path of champions. "The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood" after all.
After doing the Volcano Manor questline
It's just as my noble brother says. I'm a complete fool. I can't believe I thought I could become a champion.
Ah, it's you is it. I'm terribly sorry, but would you mind giving me some time to myself. I haven't achieved anything at all thus far. Even though I've dirtied my hands time and time again. I'm still yet to achieve anything. Perhaps I am a fool after all... No. It's worse than that. As things stand I've given up on the path of revenge and sullied the name of my house. What an easy mark I must have been... How did it take me so long to realise, honestly. There's just no end to my foolishness, is there...
(Overheard talking to NPC jar) Well. Aren't you full of beans. No wonder you're covered in muck.
Oh? My friend, it's been far too long. I have to say you caught me at a rather low point. But... as you can see, I've put all that behind me. Left the Volcano Manor. Forging my own path now. Making my own choices. Even a fool like me can look after some simply jars. Do you pity me? Well don't. I feel like for the first time in my life I'm on the straight and narrow.
A fool I may be, but I can look after some simple jars. Do you pity me? Well don't. I feel like for the first time in my life I'm on the straight and narrow.
§ After Jarburg is attacked
...Ah, you... Are the jars... they alright? Did I defend them?
( You defended them ) Then all is well... This fool proved his worth, in the end...
( I'm afraid not ) Ha ha...ha... I see... I see... I've been a fool... to the last...
When attacked at Academy Gate Town
(Warning) Agh! What on earth was that for?
(Combat) Now I see. You're a wretched recusant! May you rue the day that you thought to trample me! The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood! In blood!
(On player kill) Lanya, your honour has been restored. You can rest easy.
When attacked at Jarburg
(Warning) Ugh! What's the matter? Please, stop! I've no quarrel with the Volcano Manor. I will never brandish a sword again, I swear!
(Combat) Why on earth...? Wait, you're a poacher, aren't you? I'll turn my back on duty no more. The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood! In blood!
(On player kill) Unharmed, thank the stars.
(At Academy Gate Town) Ha ha...ha... I am the shame of House Hoslow after all...
(In Jarburg) Ahhh, just what I deserve... For absconding from my duties... I'm sorry, my dear jars...
If provoked, Diallos wields a Hoslow's Petal Whip and a Distinguished Greatshield
Diallos’s brother is Juno Hoslow , as indicated by their masks and armor set. He wished to become a champion himself, despite his brother’s wishes.
Replica of a twin-tailed silver helm with flowery adornments. Only, without the twin tails.
Diallos Hoslow had an older brother who was a stern, self-possessed man of a few words. His achievements made him seem out of reach.
And so the younger aspired to be like the older. Yearning for the day that he would tell the tale of House Hoslow, in blood. Knowing full well that it would break his brother's heart .
Garish silver armor decorated with red embellishments. Passed down through the Hoslow family. When Juno Hoslow received an invitation to the Volcano Manor, he discreetly refused. "I have already walked many a road drenched in blood, yet never would I consider myself a champion."
A twin-tailed silver helm decorated with flowery adornments. Symbol of the head of the revered House of Hoslow.
Juno Hoslow had a younger brother who was all talk and no trousers.
His inability to commit to action was such that Juno inherited the Hoslow legacy without resistance, granting him the freedom to shower his little brother with adoration .
Metal whip formed of razor-sharp chain-link blades that have the appearance of flower petals. This work of art is handed down though the generations of the illustrious House Hoslow. High dexterity is required to wield this weapon, but it excels at inflicting devastating blood loss.
"The tale of House Hoslow is told in blood."
A fragment of a living jar, hardened after its death. Material used for crafting items.
Such fragments command a high price due to the magical power locked within. This leaves the living jars unfortunate targets for poachers.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold.
Use to gain 12,500 runes.
The Numen are said to have come from outside the Lands Between, and are in fact of the same stock as Queen Marika herself.
Academy Gate Town Volcano Manor Jarburg
Diallos Hoslow is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Diallos Hoslow is a scion of House Hoslow and the younger brother of Juno Hoslow . From a young age, Diallos was all talk and no trousers, with an inability to commit to action. [ 1 ] As a result, Juno inherited the Hoslow legacy without resistance. Juno loved his brother dearly and showered him with adoration. Diallos, in turn, admired his brother, a mighty warrior who lived up to the bloody legacy of House Hoslow. Diallos aspired to be like his older brother, knowing that pursuing the bloody legacy of their house would break his brother's heart. [ 2 ]
Diallos had a servant by the name of Lanya and the two were companions since childhood. [ 3 ] At some point, the two set out on a journey in the Lands Between , but Diallos lost track of the fickle Lanya [ 4 ] , and the two became separated. He made his way to Roundtable Hold where he implored the Hold's visitors to keep an eye out for Lanya. [ 5 ]
Diallos eventually managed to track Lanya down to Liurnia of the Lakes , where he found her dead. He deduced that the recusants of the Volcano Manor were behind her death and swore vengeance upon them. [ 6 ] He tracked them down to their hideout on Mt. Gelmir , but when the proprietor of the manor, Lady Tanith , offered him a place among them, flattering him by telling him he had the stuff of champions, Diallos abandoned his vengeance and decided to join the manor as a recusant. [ 7 ]
Diallos pursued the path of a recusant, dirtying his hands time and again, but soon came to realize his folly. [ 8 ] Having achieved nothing, he declared himself a complete fool, just as his brother had said, for abandoning the path of revenge and sullying the name of his house. [ 9 ]
Diallos left the Volcano Manor and travelled to Jarburg , a settlement for Living Jars . Diallos became Jarburg's new "Potentate" [ 10 ] and devoted himself to caring for the jars. [ 11 ] Diallos was at peace with his new calling, feeling for the first time in his life that he was on the straight and narrow. [ 12 ]
When Jarburg was invaded by jar-poachers, Diallos took up arms to defend his charges. [ 13 ] He was mortally wounded in the battle, but managed to drive off the poachers and saved most of the jars. Diallos died at peace, having finally proven his worth. [ 14 ]
Roundtable Hold (Optional) Diallos can be found in Roundtable Hold upon the player's first visit. He will ask you to look out for his servant, Lanya, who has gone missing.
(Optional) Diallos can be found in Roundtable Hold upon the player's first visit. He will ask you to look out for his servant, Lanya, who has gone missing.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Academy Gate Town) Diallos will appear in Liurnia of the Lakes, northwest of the Academy Gate Town Site of Grace. Talk to him and exhaust his dialogue.
Diallos will appear in Liurnia of the Lakes, northwest of the Academy Gate Town Site of Grace. Talk to him and exhaust his dialogue.
Roundtable Hold Diallos will return to Roundtable Hold. Speak to him to learn the location of Volcano Manor.
Diallos will return to Roundtable Hold. Speak to him to learn the location of Volcano Manor.
Mt. Gelmir (Volcano Manor} After joining the Recusants, Diallos will appear in the drawing room in Volcano Manor. After defeating Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy or completing one of Tanith's requests, speak to Diallos again and exhaust his dialogue.
After joining the Recusants, Diallos will appear in the drawing room in Volcano Manor.
After defeating Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy or completing one of Tanith's requests, speak to Diallos again and exhaust his dialogue.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Jarburg) After progressing the Jar-Bairn's questline, Diallos will relocate to Jarburg in Liurnia of the Lakes. After resting at a Site of Grace five times, return to Jarburg to find Diallos dying. Speak to him and then reload the area to obtain Diallos's Mask and Hoslow's Petal Whip.
After progressing the Jar-Bairn's questline, Diallos will relocate to Jarburg in Liurnia of the Lakes.
After resting at a Site of Grace five times, return to Jarburg to find Diallos dying. Speak to him and then reload the area to obtain Diallos's Mask and Hoslow's Petal Whip.
As a Numen's Rune can be found on his corpse in Jarburg if his questline is completed, he may be one of the Numen .

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Nepheli Loux
Nepheli Loux, Warrior is an NPC in Elden Ring . Nepheli Loux is a warrior and fellow Tarnished who was ordered by decree from her adoptive father to kill and dethrone Godrick. She wears clothing similar to the starting Hero class, and she can help you in the battle against Godrick the Grafted if summoned. Her summoning sign is golden and is just outside the boss fog. Other NPC Summon opportunities include boss fights against Godfrey, First Elden Lord and Omenkiller (in Village of the Albinaurics ). Progress in her questline to have her summon sign available for these encounters.
The puppet of Nepheli Loux can be summoned for aid in battle by using the Nepheli Loux Puppet Ashes .
See Nepheli Loux, Warrior Lore
Let the scars I carve remind them.
I am Nepheli Loux. Warrior.
Nepheli Loux can initially be found at Stormveil Castle , inside a room before reaching the Secluded Cell site of grace . [ Map link ]
While outside Roundtable Hold , she can be attacked and drops Stormhawk Axe when defeated.
Her adoptive father is Gideon Ofnir , leader of Roundtable Hold . Her real father might be Godfrey, First Elden Lord .
After defeating Godrick the Grafted and exhausting the initial dialog with Gideon Ofnir at Roundtable Hold, you can find her in the room outside the library.
After exhausting her dialogue at Roundtable Hold, you can find her under the stone bridge leading up to the Village Of The Albinaurics . [ Map link ]
After defeating Omenkiller , Nepheli will return to Roundtable Hold, crouching near the bottom of the stairs next to the blacksmith.
Nepheli questline point of failure: If the player speaks to Melina at the Forge of Giants site of grace (triggering the cutscene with the Roundtable Hold) before finishing Nepheli's dialogue and defeating Omenkiller at the Village of the Albinaurics, then she will disappear for good. Her Stormhawk Axes drop at the village and the questline ends. To avoid this failure, defeat Omenkiller and finish her dialogue before resting at the Forge of Giants.
Nepheli questline point of failure: if you do not give Nepheli the Stormhawk King key item at roundtable hold before you defeat Maliketh, she leaves and her questline cannot be completed. Once you unlock Ashen Capital she disappears from the roundtable hold, and her questline is locked out for the playthrough.
Find Nepheli in the room to the north of the heavily guarded Stormveil Castle courtyard. Exhaust her dialogue to receive her help in fighting Godrick the Grafted .
(Optional) Before entering the gold fog door, you can summon Nepheli using the sign next to it, available whether you’re online or offline.
After defeating Godrick, Nepheli will move to the room outside the library in the Roundtable Hold . Speak with her and exhaust her dialogue. If she does not appear, make sure that you have spoken to Gideon Ofnir and rested at the Godrick the Grafted Site of Grace. She will then reward you with the Arsenal Charm .
Complete Nepheli's previous quest or skip it; you must meet her at the Roundtable Hold at least once. NOTE : If you offer Seluvis's potion to Nepheli during your first meeting at the Roundtable Hold, she will refuse it. After she returns from the Village of the Albinaurics , you can offer it again by speaking to Gideon Ofnir about her despair.
Speak to Preceptor Seluvis to receive the quest. If Seluvis is dead, you can continue with the quest from the next step.
Find Nepheli at the Village of the Albinaurics , exhaust her dialogue, and defeat the elite enemy Omenkiller located across the bridge above her.
Return to the Roundtable Hold and speak to Nepheli downstairs, next to the first fog wall.
Speak to Gideon Ofnir about Nepheli. If you have the potion, he will offer you a choice: Give him the potion to dispose of it. Give the potion to Nepheli, which will make her unresponsive and she will leave. She will then be found in Seluvis's secret room, turned into a puppet. Alternatively, give the potion to Dung Eater in the Roundtable Hold after obtaining a Seedbed Curse . This will allow you to obtain the Dung Eater Puppet summon but will end Dung Eater's questline and prevent the Blessing of Despair ending. Return to Preceptor Seluvis to complete his portion of the quest.
Give him the potion to dispose of it.
Give the potion to Nepheli, which will make her unresponsive and she will leave. She will then be found in Seluvis's secret room, turned into a puppet.
Alternatively, give the potion to Dung Eater in the Roundtable Hold after obtaining a Seedbed Curse . This will allow you to obtain the Dung Eater Puppet summon but will end Dung Eater's questline and prevent the Blessing of Despair ending.
Return to Preceptor Seluvis to complete his portion of the quest.
If you do not have the potion, the quest progresses as follows: Nepheli does not take the potion. This can happen if Seluvis is dead and you’ve already found Nepheli at the Albinauric Village and defeated the Omenkiller , or if you never received the quest from Seluvis.
Nepheli does not take the potion. This can happen if Seluvis is dead and you’ve already found Nepheli at the Albinauric Village and defeated the Omenkiller , or if you never received the quest from Seluvis.
This can happen if Seluvis is dead and you’ve already found Nepheli at the Albinauric Village and defeated the Omenkiller , or if you never received the quest from Seluvis.
To progress the quest, you need to give Nepheli The Stormhawk King ashes found in the Chapel of Anticipation , provided she did not take Seluvis’s Potion . NOTE : Make sure that Roderika’s questline is advanced to the point where she can upgrade spirit ashes before giving Nepheli the Stormhawk King ashes.
(Optional) After completing the quest above by not giving Nepheli Seluvis's Potion , you may progress Kenneth Haight's quest to the point where he's in Fort Haight saying he has to look for a fitting lord to rule Limgrave.
After defeating Morgott and (optionally) talking to Gideon about helping Nepheli get back on her feet, you can find Nepheli, Kenneth, and Gostoc in the Stormveil Castle throne room near the Godrick the Grafted site of grace. If they do not appear, spawn from the Godrick the Grafted site of grace and rest at the Secluded Cell site of grace (do not merely teleport to it), which may fix the issue. (If this doesn't work, try the same in reverse: travel to Secluded Cell and rest there, then run to Godrick and rest again there. Also, you can try going back to Fort Haight, where Kenneth Haight usually stands, which might trigger him and Nepheli to move to the throne room.) The quest will still advance if either Kenneth or Gostoc are dead. They are not required for Nepheli to move to the throne room. Warning : Killing Gideon prevents this dialogue and results in Nepheli dying where she is at the time, leaving her items behind. If all requirements have been met and the NPCs have still not moved to Godrick's throne room, rest at the Godrick the Grafted site of grace. If none of the above works, you may still need to talk to Nepheli downstairs at Roundtable hold and give her the Stormhawk King . If resting at the Godrick the Grafted site of grace does not work, try repeatedly passing time. If you are still stuck, you might not have progressed far enough into game and need to kill Morgott The Omen King at Leyndell Royal Capital . If the issue persists, try to get Godrick's Great Rune , then proceed to remove and equip it. Rewards : Nepheli will give the player an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone at the end of her questline. She can also be summoned for the fight with Godfrey, First Elden Lord in Leyndell, Ashen Capital . An additional Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone will be sold by Gatekeeper Gostoc for 20,000 Runes . (Not applicable to his bell bearing if he was killed.)
The quest will still advance if either Kenneth or Gostoc are dead. They are not required for Nepheli to move to the throne room.
Warning : Killing Gideon prevents this dialogue and results in Nepheli dying where she is at the time, leaving her items behind.
If all requirements have been met and the NPCs have still not moved to Godrick's throne room, rest at the Godrick the Grafted site of grace.
If none of the above works, you may still need to talk to Nepheli downstairs at Roundtable hold and give her the Stormhawk King .
If resting at the Godrick the Grafted site of grace does not work, try repeatedly passing time.
If you are still stuck, you might not have progressed far enough into game and need to kill Morgott The Omen King at Leyndell Royal Capital .
If the issue persists, try to get Godrick's Great Rune , then proceed to remove and equip it.
Rewards : Nepheli will give the player an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone at the end of her questline. She can also be summoned for the fight with Godfrey, First Elden Lord in Leyndell, Ashen Capital .
An additional Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone will be sold by Gatekeeper Gostoc for 20,000 Runes . (Not applicable to his bell bearing if he was killed.)
"Be proud. You were a fine warrior. Your only mistake was your choice of master. Let the winds lift you, to a higher place."
I see. You are but a simple villain. Let the scars remind you; this lesson comes from Nepheli Loux!
(On player kill) You wouldn't even register as a threat to father. Hurry up and die.
Father... I am slain. Please...become Elden Lord...
"Well, who do we have here? Tarnished, are you? Clearly not one of Godrick's lot. I am Nepehli Loux.. Tarnished and warrior, like you. I'm here by decree of my father. How utterly repellant this is... This "grafting" of Godrick's ill befits a Lord. He's tainted the very winds."
"If you intend to challenge Godrick, I ask you call upon me. The winds run cold with his deeds. I'm certain father would permit me aid the fight."
"Apologies, but I've idled long enough. As fellow Tarnished we must each follow our own guidance. Down whatever road takes us to the throne of Elden Lord.
"You again... I thought you'd receive a summons to the Roundtable. Nepheli Loux. We met at Stormveil. I'm glad to see you here. I have something for you. I found it in Godrick's grafting grounds. You defeated him. You should have it. Make good use of it. I don't intend to make a habit of scavenging corpses." [Hands you x1 Arsenal Charm]
"Ah yes. I wonder if you've met my foster father? He's in his study. The room Ensha's guarding just over there. If you haven't already, I advise you introduce yourself. Father is the leader of the Roundtable. I'm sure talking to him will be worth your while."
"It's about time I headed off. I'll see you again, warrior, should the fates deign it."
At the Village of the Albinaurics
Oh, it's you... Well, what do you make of it? What's happened to this village? I witnessed a sight much the same, in my infancy. The oppression of the weak. Murder and pillage unchecked. A waking nightmare, made by men.
But this time, I'm a woman grown. And though the suffering cannot be undone, I can still mete out justice. Justice to the oppressors. Let the scars I carve remind them. I am Nepheli Loux, Warrior.
At the Roundtable Hold after defeating the boss of the Village of the Albinaurics
Ah, you... Please, leave me be. It's pathetic, I know, but I...need to think.
(After speaking to Gideon) ...So you know already, do you? Right. It's true. My father cast me out. For indulging my emotions. Forgetting the mission. Punishment for offing his pawns. Father...rather, Lord Gideon has offered me guidance all my life. I would have done anything for him, to place him on the throne of Elden Lord. And yet I... Though it was not my intent... I betrayed him...
I...can no longer trust in father... To think he'd order his men to enact such tragedy... Where is the justice he purports, in that? He once told me that if he became Elden Lord, he would never allow the downtrodden to be cheated ever again. Was he simply lying to me?
No, no, no... How could I say that? Father has always given me his guidance... And now...I've lost it...
After giving her the Stormhawk King
"In this ash, I can smell the ancient storm. It reminds me of my first hawk."
I'm... not like Roderika. I don't feel the presence of spirits, let alone see them. Still, this ash... It reminds me of my first hawk. Thank you
At Stormveil Castle throne room
"It's been some time. I must thank you, for your aid. I told father I would be with him no longer. I remembered the vow I took when I first became a warrior, so many moons ago. This land is much like the one from which I hail. I will call upon the storm, to drive away the foulness that has settled on the winds."
"Again, I am Nepheli Loux. Warrior. Some call me by the title of Lady, but I remain the same woman underneath. Though I have now abandoned my former guidance. I cannot express how much you've helped me. [Hands you x1 Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone] Should you become Elden Lord. I would gladly lighten your burden."
"Farewell, fellow warrior. I will remain, to summon the storm. But your guidance, and your fight... Surely lie elsewhere."
Depending on quest progression, Nepheli can be summoned for the fights against Godrick the Grafted , Omenkiller , and Godfrey, First Elden Lord .
In combat, she wields a pair of Stormhawk Axes .
Headband reserved for the badlands' bravest. Proof that the wearer has slaughtered countless foes.
Following the example of their chieftain Hoarah Loux, the brave warriors of the badlands shun excess adornment.
Battle axe designed to resemble a hawk, with its wings comprising the blade. Signature weapon of warriors who strive to remain one with the storm, despite being so far from their place of birth.
Their hearts are proud, and thereby easily undone.
Ashes of a hawk revered by all others as sovereign back in the days when Stormveil's winds still raged like no other.
This ancient monarch is proud however, refusing to answer anyone's summons.
A talisman depicting an axe and a warrior. Enhances charge attacks.
The Lord who led the Long March bore an axe, and his loyal warriors honored him by wielding axes of their own, making them very effective at dealing decisive blows.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a warhawk.
Spirit of a Stormveil warhawk, the talons of which have been sliced off so that razor-fine swords could be grafted in their place. With its lord vanquished, and its wings wounded, the hawk perished as it solemnly gazed at its former home. The storm is a warhawk's cradle.
One of Seluvis's favorite puppets. Use to summon the spirit of Nepheli Loux.
Puppet of a warrior who was betrayed by her pure heart. Wields a Stormhawk Axe in both hands and uses the Thunderstorm skill.
A diamond in the rough, deserving of special care lest its potential be squandered. Nepheli Loux truly was a warrior.
I understand you've been speaking to Nepheli. She is my daughter. I took her in when she lost the guidance of grace. Tough a mere axe-wielding barbarian, her youthful credulity suited my purposes. So I put her to work. Do not hesitate to employ her, should her services benefit you. Despite her looks, she is more than capable in the press of battle.
Ahh, you've already heard? Indeed, it seemed the whelp harboured suspicions. So I have no further use for her. Honestly, what's a man to do. A determined plebian is more wicked than an Omen horn, quite frankly. I suspect... that's just what the Queen wants. A dose of ambition, to incite the Tarnished.
She's not herself right now, and though I have no need for her, she still has potential. Certainly more value than she'd have as a bloody puppet.
I hear you helped get the girl back on her feet. Though I'm not her foster father anymore, I'd still like to thank you. Sorry. For the time you had to waste.
Oh, indeed, it is a foul fate for a land, to be without a ruler. One must be found, with haste. And not that Awful Godrick. But a true and stalwart Lord of the proper lineage to take the reigns of Limgrave. I am sorry for have lifted your hopes... But I haven't the authority to raise you to the knighthood as things stand. The Great Kenneth Haight issues his sincerest apology. But now, I must begin my search post-haste. For a true and stalwart Lord of the proper lineage to take the reigns of Limgrave.
I have indeed selected a new ruler. Lady Nepheli is strong and just. Worthy of the burden of Limgrave's lineage. Such is the sincere opinion of I, Kenneth Haight, no less. For the time being, I share command of the castle with my Lady, but I plan on returning to my fort afterwards.
Ah, you, is it? Haven't seen your mug in quite some time. As you can see, I'm the new Lady's attendant. Freedom? Wasn't worth squat. B-besides, I like it 'round 'ere... Lady Nepheli's still fair of heart and countenance...
Still, I have the Lady's trust. ...So I can loot all the corpses I like. I'll let you take a look at the goods, if you fancy
Roundtable Hold Village of the Albinaurics
Let the scars I carve remind them. I am Nepheli Loux. Warrior.
- Nepheli Loux, Warrior
Nepheli Loux, Warrior is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Nepheli Loux is a Tarnished warrior [ 1 ] from the Badlands . In her infancy, Nepheli lived through murder and pillage unchecked [ 2 ] At some point, she lost the guidance of grace, and was taken in by Gideon Ofnir , who became her foster father. [ 3 ] Gideon promised Nepheli that if he became Elden Lord he would never allow the downtrodden to be cheated again [ 4 ] , earning her loyalty and aid in his pursuit of the title of Elden Lord. [ 5 ]
At the behest of Gideon, Nepheli infiltrates Stormveil Castle [ 6 ] , the home of the demigod Godrick the Grafted . Here, she encounters a Tarnished , who aids her in defeating the decrepit demigod. With Godrick slain, she returns to Roundtable Hold , where she awards them with an Arsenal Charm she found in Stormveil, and encourages them to speak to her foster father.
Travelling to Liurnia of the Lakes , Nepheli comes upon the Village of the Albinaurics , where she witnesses the slaughter of the Albinauric inhabitants at the hands of her father's men. [ 7 ] Reminded of the brutality she witnessed as a child, Nepheli vows to deliver justice to the oppressors [ 8 ] , assisting the Tarnished in defeating the Omenkiller responsible for the slaughter.
For giving into her emotions and abandoning the mission, Nepheli is cast aside by Gideon. [ 9 ] Without her estranged father's guidance, she becomes crestfallen, resigning to the lower levels of Roundtable Hold where she questions the faith she had in Gideon. [ 10 ]
The Tarnished obtains the ashes of The Stormhawk King in the Chapel of Anticipation , which they may choose to give to Nepheli. She can smell the ancient storm within the ash [ 11 ] , and is reminded of her first hawk. [ 12 ] Despite her inability to sense spirits within ash [ 13 ] , she gladly receives them.
After claiming the Stormhawk King's ashes, Nepheli encounters Kenneth Haight , who recognises her as a worthy heir of Limgrave . [ 14 ] Nepheli accepts the role, having been reminded by Limgrave of her own home. [ 15 ] As the new lord of Limgrave, Nepheli pledges to aid the Tarnished should they become Elden Lord [ 16 ] , pledging to call upon the storm to drive away the foulness that has settled on the winds. [ 17 ]
NOTE : as Gatekeeper Gostoc 's questline is intertwined with Nepheli's, hers will fail is he's killed and if aggroed you'll have to cleanse your sin at the Church of Vows via Celestial Dew .
Limgrave (Stormhill Shack) Talk with Roderika , receiving the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes , and give her the Chrysalids' Memento retrieved from Godrick's grafting grounds in Stormveil Castle to have her move to the Roundtable Hold . Otherwise, just entering Liurnia of the Lakes is enough to trigger this passage and, while the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes will be lost, the Golden Seed you'd have received at the Hold can instead be found in her spot at the shack.
Talk with Roderika , receiving the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes , and give her the Chrysalids' Memento retrieved from Godrick's grafting grounds in Stormveil Castle to have her move to the Roundtable Hold . Otherwise, just entering Liurnia of the Lakes is enough to trigger this passage and, while the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes will be lost, the Golden Seed you'd have received at the Hold can instead be found in her spot at the shack.
Roundtable Hold Talk with Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing and exhaust his dialogues to have him move inside his study guarded by Ensha of the Royal Remains. Talk with Hewg selecting About Roderika , then speak to her selecting Tell her what the blacksmith said and finally return to the smithing master selecting About Roderika -> Would you watch over Roderika? -> It's what she wants . Roderika becoming a Spirit Tuner under Hewg's wing is necessary to complete step #7.
Talk with Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing and exhaust his dialogues to have him move inside his study guarded by Ensha of the Royal Remains.
Talk with Hewg selecting About Roderika , then speak to her selecting Tell her what the blacksmith said and finally return to the smithing master selecting About Roderika -> Would you watch over Roderika? -> It's what she wants . Roderika becoming a Spirit Tuner under Hewg's wing is necessary to complete step #7.
Limgrave (Liftside Chamber) Past the first two Stormhawks, Nepheli can be found in a small room on the path leading to the Secluded Cell Site of Grace . Exhaust her dialogue to unlock her summon sign outside the fog gate of Godrick the Grafted . (Optional) Summoning her will unlock alternate dialogue in the next step of her questline.
Past the first two Stormhawks, Nepheli can be found in a small room on the path leading to the Secluded Cell Site of Grace . Exhaust her dialogue to unlock her summon sign outside the fog gate of Godrick the Grafted . (Optional) Summoning her will unlock alternate dialogue in the next step of her questline.
(Optional) Summoning her will unlock alternate dialogue in the next step of her questline.
Roundtable Hold Nepheli will be standing just outside Gideon's study. Talk to her to receive the Arsenal Charm . If you defeated Godrick without speaking to her in the previous step, she will not give the Arsenal Charm.
Nepheli will be standing just outside Gideon's study. Talk to her to receive the Arsenal Charm . If you defeated Godrick without speaking to her in the previous step, she will not give the Arsenal Charm.
If you defeated Godrick without speaking to her in the previous step, she will not give the Arsenal Charm.
Liurnia of the Lakes ( Village of the Albinaurics ) Nepheli can be found on the slope leading up to the village. Exhaust her dialogue to unlock her summon sign past the bridge leading to the Omenkiller Mini-Boss.
Nepheli can be found on the slo

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Kenneth Haight
Kenneth Haight is an NPC in Elden Ring . Kenneth Haight claims to be the next ruler of Limgrave, you will encounter him as you make your way down the ledges at Limgrave . Haight will ask for your help to clean and clear out Fort Haight that's currently being overrun by different enemies.
Hello? Is anybody there? Someone who might be interested in rescuing the great Kenneth Haight? Servant to the true Order, and celebrated repudiator of the false! O Erdtree! Grant me succour!
Kenneth Haight can be found in north-east Limgrave , atop the ruins acting as an improvised bridge covering the roadway between the Mistwood Outskirts and Third Church of Marika sites of grace. [ Map Link ]
Kenneth will move to Fort Haight upon clearing the fort and returning to speak with him atop the ruins in Limgrave. [ Map Link ]
Kenneth can be found atop the battlements of Fort Haight after it has been overrun by Demi-Humans , where he will lament the state of the fort and ask the player to find a lord to manage the fort for him.
Kenneth will move the Stormveil Castle Throne Room north-west of the Godrick the Grafted site of grace after the following has been completed: Clearing Fort Haight and speaking to Kenneth atop the battlements. Giving Nepheli Loux the Stormhawk King key item and not giving her Seluvis's Potion , Defeating Morgott the Omen King atop the Leyndell Royal Capital and then speaking to him after resting at the grace (he's behind the throne). Resting at Godrick the Grafted 's site of grace, then going to the throne room.
Clearing Fort Haight and speaking to Kenneth atop the battlements.
Giving Nepheli Loux the Stormhawk King key item and not giving her Seluvis's Potion ,
Defeating Morgott the Omen King atop the Leyndell Royal Capital and then speaking to him after resting at the grace (he's behind the throne).
Resting at Godrick the Grafted 's site of grace, then going to the throne room.
If defeated, drops: 500 Runes Golden Seed
Kenneth Haight can be found in the north-east area of Limgrave atop the ruins covering the roadway between the Mistwood Outskirts and Third Church of Marika sites of grace.
Kenneth asks for your help to clear out Fort Haight , which has been overtaken by a Knight commander from Stormveil, promising a reward given that, according to him, he is "known for his considerable largesse" .
Defeat the Godrick Knight atop the battlements at Fort Haight to receive the Ash of War: Bloody Slash .
After clearing out the enemies at Fort Haight, return to Kenneth atop the ruins in north-east Limgrave to be rewarded with the Erdsteel Dagger . Speak to Kenneth again and he will ask you to to pledge your service to him. Should you accept, he exclaims that a knighting ceremony will be held for you at Fort Haight. Note: the player must rest at the Fort Haight West site of grace in order for him ask to ask the player to pledge their service. After receiving the Erdsteel Dagger from him, you can safely kill him for an early Golden Seed if you wish as he has no significant effect on any other quests and grants no further quest rewards.
After receiving the Erdsteel Dagger from him, you can safely kill him for an early Golden Seed if you wish as he has no significant effect on any other quests and grants no further quest rewards.
Upon resting at a site of grace or fast traveling Kenneth will move to Fort Haight atop the battlements where the Godrick Knight was located.
Upon arriving at Fort Haight, which is now overrun by Demi-Humans , speak with Kenneth where he explains that he is not yet able to anoint you as a knight, and that he must find a true and stalwart Lord worthy of Limgrave.
After defeating Morgott the Omen King , giving Nepheli Loux the Stormhawk King key item (and not Seluvis's Potion ), and resting at the Godrick the Grafted site of grace, Kenneth, Gatekeeper Gostoc , and Nepheli Loux will move to the Stormveil Castle Throne Room, where he will tell you that he will eventually return to his fort to hail you as knight. He will never actually do this however, and his presence is not required for Nepheli to move to the throne room, it is possible for Nepheli to move there by herself.
"Ah, you've come to lend me your aid, have you? Well, that's very kind, but, um... No, no. Th-the help is very much appreciated. Even from a Tarnished. Despite appearances, nobility is no prerequisite to serving the true Order. You might have heard of me. Kenneth Haight. Next in line as the rightful ruler of Limgrave".
"Oof! Blast! You wretched Tarnished! I am Kenneth Haight, and I have seen quite enough!"
(On player kill) "I fear for the integrity of the Order..."
"Where are my...men...? O Erdtree, why have you forsaken me...?"
"Young Tarnished, I would have a boon of you. I want you to take back my fort. It lies to the south, beyond the Mistwood. A Knight commander from Stormveil took it. A fool, and plumb mad to boot. Simply obsessed with blood!".
"Hmph, yes, now allow me to furnish you with a little advice. I would take great care to avoid Godrick's Tarnished hunts, were I in your shoes. That depraved lot are obsessed with sacrificing Tarnished like you for the sake of "grafting. Honestly, Godrick's nothing more than a jumped up country bumpkin. Lord? Don't make me laugh.".
"What are you waiting for? A kiss goodbye? My fort lies to the south, beyond the Mistwood. Take it back for me. Oh I see. You wish to know the reward? Fret not, the great Kenneth Haight is known for his considerable largesse. The celebrations will be lavish indeed, upon the dawn of my fort's retrieval".
"Honestly, Godrick’s no more than a jumped up country bumpkin. Lord? Don’t make me laugh. First he hid himself amongst the womenfolk to flee the capital, then hid from Radahn in that castle… Then he insulted Malenia, lost to her in battle, only to lick her boots rather than die like a man. Has he no shame, the big girl’s blouse? And to think, he’s the blood of Godfrey! Last of the golden lineage, though you almost wouldn’t know it to look at him. I almost feel sorry for the chap the more I think of it."
Fort Haight Already Completed
"Hm? What's this, kind sir? Remarkable! The Knight Commander, dead. Already! A blessing, if ever I chanced upon one. Fine work, I say, fine work, indeed. I doubt that it was your intention, but the deed is done, and I commend you. Now, this is your reward. Go on, it is yours for the keeping."
"Right then. Time for me to head to the fort. I've much to do. First I'll have to reestablish communication with the demi-humans. What's that look? You don't believe me? Well, under the Erdtree, commingling with the demi-humans is made possible. Even the vulgar shall not be left behind, under the rule of true Order. Which is why I, Kenneth Haight, next in line as the rightful ruler of Limgrave, have sworn to uphold it. Just you watch, my friend. Just you watch."
"Ah, yes. I've been meaning to ask. Would you like to enter my service? I see bright things in your future, stout warrior. Enter into my service and learn the workings of the Erdtree's true Order. And who knows, perhaps some time down the line, the grace of gold will return to those Tarnished eyes of yours. What say you? A fine accord, is it not?"
"Very well. Very well, indeed. I knew I saw something in you. I shall await you at my fort. We shall hold the ceremony for your knighting there, I think. I see great things ahead of us. We are truly by the Erdtree blessed."
"Ah, you, is it? I suppose you must have seen by now, yes, the sorry state of my fort? Oh, indeed, it is a foul fate for a land, to be without a ruler. One must be found, with haste. And not that Awful Godrick. But a true and stalwart Lord of the proper lineage to take the reigns of Limgrave. I am sorry for have lifted your hopes... But I haven't the authority to raise you to the knighthood as things stand. The Great Kenneth Haight issues his sincerest apology. But now, I must begin my search post-haste. For a true and stalwart Lord of the proper lineage to take the reigns of Limgrave."
At Stormveil Castle throne room (after Nepheli Loux has been given Stormhawk King)
Ah, nice to see you after so long. Safe and sound, I take it, yes? Good. Ah, quite. I have indeed selected a new ruler. Lady Nepheli is strong and just. Worthy of the burden of Limgrave's lineage. Such is the sincere opinion of I, Kenneth Haight, no less. For the time being, I share command of the castle with my Lady, but I plan on returning to my fort afterwards. At which time I can fulfil my old promise. By raising you to the glory of knighthood. I hope it is just as wonderful as you imagine.
Drops a Golden Seed upon defeat.
Mentions re-establishing communication with the demi-humans. The ghost outside the fort also mentions a dead mother demi-human, which is present on the ground inside the fort.
In combat, Kenneth wields an Erdsteel Dagger and a sacred seal, which he uses to cast Wrath of Gold and Order's Blade .
Kenneth wears Ruler's Robes and Consort's Trousers .
Luxurious robe worn by lords in a smaller nation.
Its fine blue mantle serves to prove its wearer's status.
An erdsteel dagger with a grass crest engraved upon its blade. Carried by the Erdtree royalty for self-defense in times of peace.
Though forged to a high standard, the weapon is difficult to wield. Attack power also scales with faith.
Left half of a split medallion depicting the Erdtree.
Brandishing the medallion with both halves conjoined will activate the Grand Life of Dectus, connecting the Altus Plateau to Liurnia.
The right half is said to reside in Fort Faroth in the Dragonbarrow, far to the east.
Kenneth Haight is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) . He claims to be the next ruler of Limgrave but is in need of assistance as his fort has fallen.
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Kenneth Haight is a nobleman and claims to be next in line as the rightful ruler of Limgrave . He resided in a fort known as Fort Haight , and is known for his considerable largesse, at least by his own account. Godrick the Grafted assumed control of Limgrave following the Shattering , and at some point sent a knight commander to seize Fort Haight.
Driven out of his home, Kenneth began searching for adventurers who might help him restore control of his fort. He was stumbled upon by a Tarnished champion , and despite some reticence in accepting the help of a Tarnished, bid them to retake his fort in exchange for a handsome reward, while also sharing with them his exceedingly low opinion of Godrick.
Upon the Tarnished's success, a joyous Kenneth Haight grants them a reward and thanks them profusely. In addition, he offers them the opportunity to be knighted and enter into his service. He tells them to meet him as his fort, where the ceremony shall be held.
However, upon seeing the sorry state of his fort, Kenneth becomes maudlin. Believing that Limgrave cannot remain without a proper ruler, he dedicates himself to finding a true and stalwart Lord of the proper lineage as soon as possible. He apologizes to the Tarnished, telling them he now lacks the authority to lift them to knighthood.
After the death of Godrick, Kenneth eventually encounters a worthy lord; Nepheli Loux . Kenneth joins her in the throne room of Stormveil Castle to aid her in assuming the reins of the castle. When the Tarnished who had once aided him comes to visit, Kenneth tells him he intends to eventually return to his fort, where he can fulfill his old promise and raise them to knighthood at last.
Limgrave (near Third Church of Marika) Speak to Kenneth atop the ruin west of the Third Church of Marika and agree to clear his fort. Can also be found by heading east down the cliffs at the Artist's Shack in Limgrave, or north from the Mistwood Outskirts Site of Grace.
Speak to Kenneth atop the ruin west of the Third Church of Marika and agree to clear his fort. Can also be found by heading east down the cliffs at the Artist's Shack in Limgrave, or north from the Mistwood Outskirts Site of Grace.
Can also be found by heading east down the cliffs at the Artist's Shack in Limgrave, or north from the Mistwood Outskirts Site of Grace.
Fort Haight Kill the Blood-Obsessed Godrick Knight in Fort Haight.
Kill the Blood-Obsessed Godrick Knight in Fort Haight.
Limgrave (near Third Church of Marika) Return to Kenneth and receive an Erdsteel Dagger . Accept his offer to make you a knight.
Return to Kenneth and receive an Erdsteel Dagger . Accept his offer to make you a knight.
Fort Haight Speak to Kenneth in Fort Haight.
Speak to Kenneth in Fort Haight.
Complete Nepheli Loux's questline.
Stormveil Castle Speak to Kenneth in Stormveil Castle, in the throne room beyond the Godrick the Grafted Site of Grace.
Speak to Kenneth in Stormveil Castle, in the throne room beyond the Godrick the Grafted Site of Grace.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Gostoc
Gatekeeper Gostoc is an NPC in Elden Ring . Gatekeeper Gostoc is an old tall fellow that may seem a bit suspicious, but he seems to want to help. It is your choice to trust him or not. If  you die within Stormveil Castle, he will steal 30% of any runes dropped when dying. However, the area outside of the castle where the Warhawks are at is safe from rune-theft if you die there. He also stops stealing your runes once he opens his shop.
Gatekeeper Gostoc can be found by the entrance of Stormveil Castle , in the room next to the main gate into the castle. [ Map Link ]
After defeating Godrick , Gostoc moves to the Godrick the Grafted Site of Grace, stomping on his remains.
If defeated, drops: Gostoc's Bell Bearing Silver Pickled Fowl Foot Glass Shard
Gostoc's Bell Bearing
Silver Pickled Fowl Foot
Gatekeeper Gostoc advises you to avoid entering the castle using the main gate because he says it's tightly guarded. He suggests you to try the opening through the other way, claiming that guards don't know about that entrance. You will be given the choice to accept or reject his suggestion. If you accept the offer, he will wish you luck and send you on your way to the side path. If you reject the offer, he will seemingly respect your decision and open the gate for you.
If you accept the offer, he will wish you luck and send you on your way to the side path.
If you reject the offer, he will seemingly respect your decision and open the gate for you.
Once you have obtained the Rusty Key or defeated Godrick , or catch him at one the 3 locations stalking you, he will start to provide merchant services.
Gostoc at first may seem to want to help the player, although in a suspicious manner. This is however just a facade. He will actually steal 30% of your runes every time you die in the castle, even if you enter it through the main gate.
Note : In the following locations listed for Gostoc, you cannot see him at all three . The first and last locations are mutually exclusive, so if you see him at the first position, he will not appear at the third, and vice versa.
After passing through specific trigger points, Gostoc will appear in certain locations behind the player. He will give you a Grace Mimic the first time you speak to him at one of these locations. He will not appear at them if you already opened the main gate of the castle. Otherwise, Gostoc can be found at these locations: Ruined Watchtower, behind the Stormveil Cliffside site of grace and must walk up the side path and into the room with 2 servants sitting on the ground for him to appear here. He appears on the cliff overlooking the Stormveil Cliffside site of grace. Inside the rampart tower. After you exit out to the ramparts with the stormhawks carrying explosive barrels, go to the balcony area along the ramparts and drop down to the ledge. Keep dropping down till you find a teardrop scarab and fight a crucible knight guarding a lift. When you take the lift back up, Gostoc will be near the lift examining a corpse. Alternatively, going out to the ramparts with the stormhawks and crossing the first ledge may cause him to spawn at the corpse near the lift. This is dependent on you killing the stormhawks, therfore, the reason he shows up is you make the path safe for him to go down. On the castle chapel roof, above Sorcerer Rogier . Go to the wooden balcony above the grafted scion and double back outside to the long path with the banished knight and torchpole soldier, Gostoc will be on the roof overlooking the path. He will not appear here if you have already spoken to him at any of the previous locations.
Ruined Watchtower, behind the Stormveil Cliffside site of grace and must walk up the side path and into the room with 2 servants sitting on the ground for him to appear here. He appears on the cliff overlooking the Stormveil Cliffside site of grace.
He appears on the cliff overlooking the Stormveil Cliffside site of grace.
Inside the rampart tower. After you exit out to the ramparts with the stormhawks carrying explosive barrels, go to the balcony area along the ramparts and drop down to the ledge. Keep dropping down till you find a teardrop scarab and fight a crucible knight guarding a lift. When you take the lift back up, Gostoc will be near the lift examining a corpse. Alternatively, going out to the ramparts with the stormhawks and crossing the first ledge may cause him to spawn at the corpse near the lift. This is dependent on you killing the stormhawks, therfore, the reason he shows up is you make the path safe for him to go down.
After you exit out to the ramparts with the stormhawks carrying explosive barrels, go to the balcony area along the ramparts and drop down to the ledge. Keep dropping down till you find a teardrop scarab and fight a crucible knight guarding a lift. When you take the lift back up, Gostoc will be near the lift examining a corpse.
Alternatively, going out to the ramparts with the stormhawks and crossing the first ledge may cause him to spawn at the corpse near the lift. This is dependent on you killing the stormhawks, therfore, the reason he shows up is you make the path safe for him to go down.
On the castle chapel roof, above Sorcerer Rogier . Go to the wooden balcony above the grafted scion and double back outside to the long path with the banished knight and torchpole soldier, Gostoc will be on the roof overlooking the path. He will not appear here if you have already spoken to him at any of the previous locations.
Go to the wooden balcony above the grafted scion and double back outside to the long path with the banished knight and torchpole soldier, Gostoc will be on the roof overlooking the path. He will not appear here if you have already spoken to him at any of the previous locations.
When you enter a dark room containing the Rusty Key , the door will close behind you and you can hear Gostoc's laugh. This will leave you alone with a dangerous Banished Knight . If you kill Gostoc beforehand, you won't be locked into the room containing the Rusty Key.
If you kill Gostoc beforehand, you won't be locked into the room containing the Rusty Key.
After defeating Godrick, Gostoc will move to the boss room and begin stomping on the corpse, cursing Godrick for treating him badly. As of 1.04 he continues to be a merchant.
Killing Gostoc will not lock you out of Nepheli Loux and Kenneth Haight 's quest as it can still be completed without him, but you will miss out on the Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone and won't be able to buy it from the Twin Maiden Husks even if you gave them his bell bearing.
Once Nepheli Loux has been given The Stormhawk King , Kenneth Haight has regained control of his fort and Morgott has been defeated then Gostoc and the other two NPCs will move the Godrick's Throne Room. At this point Gostoc re-opens his shop and has a new item: an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone .
Gatekeeper Gostoc will open his store after you obtained the Rusty Key from Stormveil Castle .
"You're Tarnished, aren't you? I would advise against taking the main gate into the castle. It's tightly guarded by hardened old hands. Try the opening right here. The guards don't know about it. You'll breach the castle undetected."
Answering with "Very Well"
"Yes, that's the spirit. ..You're just the kind of Tarnished that I like. I pray for your success."
I've come into some fine goods. Only, it turns out I can't use a one of them. Perhaps you'd like to take them off my hands?
When discovered by the player on the cliff overlooking the Stormveil Cliffside site of grace
Oh, oh, you... Oh, great, I'm glad you're here. Just a small reward, I was saving it for you. Please, its all yours.
*Presents 1x Grace Mimic to the player*
When spoken to again at this point
Good, now let's be on our way, shall we? Wouldn't want the guards to spot you.
When spoken to once again at this point.
Hop along, will you? What'll happen if the guards catch you strutting about? .
If the player dies to the trap, Gostoc will not appear in this spot after reviving. Instead, his encounter dialogue from this event will take place in another location.
§ The Death of Godrick
What a pathetic excuse for a Lord you were. Craven to the bone. Pushing me about like that. And after all that grafting? Where did that get you? Look down on me, would you? Godrick? You filthy slug. Feel it! Feel it! Feel my bloody wrath! Oh...hello there. This weasel was...Godrick was always looking down on me. He got what he bloody deserved, thanks to you. I tell you though, what goes around comes around. He had an ugly heart, an uglier countenance, and me the ugliest of ends, eh. He he he he he...Now, I supposed I'm free. I can do whatever takes my fancy...Can't I, mate?
What a pathetic excuse for a Lord you were. Craven to the bone. Pushing me about like that. And after all that grafting? Where did that get you? Look down on me, would you? Godrick? You filthy slug. Feel it! Feel it! Feel my bloody wrath!
Oh...hello there. This weasel was...Godrick was always looking down on me. He got what he bloody deserved, thanks to you. I tell you though, what goes around comes around. He had an ugly heart, an uglier countenance, and me the ugliest of ends, eh. He he he he he...Now, I supposed I'm free. I can do whatever takes my fancy...Can't I, mate?
"Use that opening to breach the castle. The guards haven't a clue about it. You'll slip right inside undetected."
"Blast, what's it to you! Step back, you wretched Tarnished!"
(On player kill) "Oh, don't worry, I've got big plans for what's left of you..."
"Damn it all.  Why is it always me?  What did I do to deserve..."
When Killed after Godrick is dead
"But I'm free..." "I can do what I like"
When Gostoc kills the player after Godrick is dead
"Ha, do you feel it..." "Do you feel my bloody wrath?"
Stormveil Castle Throne Room, after Nepheli Loux and Kenneth Haight have moved there
"Ah, you, is it? Haven't seen your mug in quite some time. As you can see, I'm the new Lady's attendant. Freedom? Wasn't worth squat. B-besides, I like it 'round 'ere... Lady Nepheli's still fair of heart and countenance..."
"Still, I have the Lady's trust. ...So I can loot all the corpses I like. I'll let you take a look at the goods, if you fancy." [Reopens shop]
"Ah, back again, are we? Curious one, you are. Well then, what are you after?"
Gostoc being found hiding at difficult to access locations around the castle suggests he is stalking you to collect your runes after you die. He also presumably collects his goods from corpses in the fortress.
Cut dialogue suggested that he is the son of Godrick, and that there was an option to crown him as Ruler of Stormveil, instead of Nepheli . Should he received the crown in his cut questline, he would follow Godrick's footsteps and begin grafting himself.
Killing the Banished Knight in the dark room before being locked in by Gostoc will result in him not closing the door behind you once you do enter, although you will still hear him laughing behind you.
Gatekeeper Gostoc is missing his left hand. Removal of one or both hands was a historical punishment for stealing. His arm may have also been taken for Grafting.
The graveyard after the fight with Godrick counts as castle grounds and he will steal your runes here as well.
One of few NPC's that is immune to grab from Golden Crux ( Greatsword of Damnation ).
Garb with a thick embroidered cape attached. Standard wear for commoners of the Lands Between.
The board hung from the neck depicts a sprawling tree, its roots and branches forming two holes. This is a self-imposed shackle, a voluntary display of allegiance to the Erdtree that increases faith.
A standard dagger with a straight blade.
Though modest in reach and capacity for harm, this weapon is light enough to jab in rapid succession and delivers devastating critical hits.
Four-toed foot of a fowl, pickled in a silvery medicinal solution. Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts item discovery.
Since old times, the needy would scrape the meat clean even from a fowl's claw.
Now, I suppose I'm free. I can do whatever takes my fancy... Can't I, mate?
Gatekeeper Gostoc is an NPC and merchant in ELDEN RING (2022) .
3 Character Information 3.1 Basic Info 3.2 Quest Items
4 Questline Progression
Gostoc is a servant working in Stormveil Castle , in the role of gatekeeper. Gostoc detests his master, Godrick the Grafted , who always looked down on and mistreated him. [ 1 ] Gostoc prowls the castle, looting from the corpses of the Tarnished who die in their hunt for Godrick. [ 2 ] When he encounters the Tarnished , he offers to signal the gates to open for them, but also suggests a hidden path around the outer wall of the castle which will allow the Tarnished to get in undetected.
However, Gostoc secretly planned for the Tarnished to die, so that he could loot their corpse. He stalks the Tarnished through the castle, stealing their left behind Runes any time they die. He also locks them in a storeroom with a Banished Knight , seemingly intending for them to perish.
After the Tarnished slays Godrick, Gostoc can be found stomping on his corpse, cursing him for the abuse levelled at him. Later, when Nepheli Loux becomes lord of Limgrave , Gostoc quickly becomes her attendant, giving him free reign to continue looting as he pleases. [ 3 ]
Stormveil Castle Gostoc can be found in the gatehouse to the left of the main gate. He will offer you the choice of taking the main gate or using the side entrance. Choosing "No, I'll use the main entrance" will cause the main gate to open when you approach it. This will not prevent you from taking the side entrance, however.
Gostoc can be found in the gatehouse to the left of the main gate. He will offer you the choice of taking the main gate or using the side entrance. Choosing "No, I'll use the main entrance" will cause the main gate to open when you approach it. This will not prevent you from taking the side entrance, however.
Stormveil Castle (Optional) Upon entering a dark room in the western section of the castle, Gostoc will close the door, locking you in with a Banished Knight enemy. To leave, grab the Rusty Key and return to the door to open it. If you die in this room, you can return to it and loot the item without being locked in again. (Optional) Gostoc will now appear in several locations around the dungeon. Speaking to him in one of these locations for the first time will reward you with a Grace Mimic. The locations are as follows: Stormveil Cliffside. He will appear on a ledge above the Site of Grace, only if you enter the castle via the wooden scaffold and head straight back. Western Wall ground floor. He will appear here after you have gone up the ladder past the door unlocked with the Rusty Key. Chapel roof. He will appear on the roof of the chapel where you meet Rogier, after visiting the roof with the Grafted Scion and returning. Rampart Tower. He will appear in the elevator tower, on a wooden platform that needs to be jumped to. While he is in any of these locations, he will take 30% of the Runes you drop if you die in the dungeon. In order to get him to stop, talk to him at any one of the first three listed locations, and then at the fourth location. Then, return to his location at the gatehouse and talk to him again. He will no longer steal any Runes. Additionally, he will become available as a merchant if you return to him after he begins stalking you.
(Optional) Upon entering a dark room in the western section of the castle, Gostoc will close the door, locking you in with a Banished Knight enemy. To leave, grab the Rusty Key and return to the door to open it. If you die in this room, you can return to it and loot the item without being locked in again.
(Optional) Gostoc will now appear in several locations around the dungeon. Speaking to him in one of these locations for the first time will reward you with a Grace Mimic. The locations are as follows: Stormveil Cliffside. He will appear on a ledge above the Site of Grace, only if you enter the castle via the wooden scaffold and head straight back. Western Wall ground floor. He will appear here after you have gone up the ladder past the door unlocked with the Rusty Key. Chapel roof. He will appear on the roof of the chapel where you meet Rogier, after visiting the roof with the Grafted Scion and returning. Rampart Tower. He will appear in the elevator tower, on a wooden platform that needs to be jumped to.
Stormveil Cliffside. He will appear on a ledge above the Site of Grace, only if you enter the castle via the wooden scaffold and head straight back.
Western Wall ground floor. He will appear here after you have gone up the ladder past the door unlocked with the Rusty Key.
Chapel roof. He will appear on the roof of the chapel where you meet Rogier, after visiting the roof with the Grafted Scion and returning.
Rampart Tower. He will appear in the elevator tower, on a wooden platform that needs to be jumped to.
While he is in any of these locations, he will take 30% of the Runes you drop if you die in the dungeon. In order to get him to stop, talk to him at any one of the first three listed locations, and then at the fourth location. Then, return to his location at the gatehouse and talk to him again. He will no longer steal any Runes.
Additionally, he will become available as a merchant if you return to him after he begins stalking you.
Stormveil Castle (Godrick's arena) After defeating Godrick the Grafted, Gostoc will appear in the room. After exhausting his dialogue his shop will be open once again. He will also stop stealing your Runes if you skipped the previous part.
After defeating Godrick the Grafted, Gostoc will appear in the room. After exhausting his dialogue his shop will be open once again. He will also stop stealing your Runes if you skipped the previous part.
Stormveil Castle (Throne Room) After completing Nepheli Loux's questline, Gostoc will appear in the back of the throne room. After exhausting his dialogue, his shop will become available again,

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Sorceress Sellen
Sorceress Sellen is a Merchant and NPC in Elden Ring . She can be found inside the Waypoint Ruins , far east from where you first arrive in Limgrave . She can teach you Sorceries . She can also be made available as an NPC Summon for specific battles. As part of her quest she wishes to restore the primeval current of glintstone sorcery to Raya Lucaria .
See Sorceress Sellen Lore
Tarnished, are we? A wonder you should turn up here. I am Sellen, a sorcerer, quite plainly."
She is found standing near a treasure chest within the Waypoint Ruins in the central-east part of Limgrave . Players can reach her after defeating the Mad Pumpkin Head . After defeating the boss, the Site of Grace "Waypoint Ruins Cellar" appears in their boss room, allowing easy access to Sellen's services. Map Link for Waypoint Ruins.
Sorceress Sellen can also be found kept prisoner at Witchbane Ruins , however, other than speaking to her, nothing can be done with her here until progressing far enough into her quest line. Be warned, attacking Sellen here can cause issues with her availability as a merchant elsewhere and stall progression in her quest line. This can be resolved by seeking absolution at the Church of Vows . Map Link for Witchbane Ruins.
She can be summoned to aid in the Red Wolf of Radagon boss fight, after progressing her quest line to the point that she leaves for the Raya Lucaria Academy .
Once the player has progressed her quest line far enough, two new summon signs will appear at the entrance to the Raya Lucaria Grand Library, offering the player a choice between assisting her (gold sign) or challenging her (red sign).
You can choose among the following options while talking to Sorceress Sellen :
Study sorcery: Learn a sorcery from Sellen in exchange for Runes.
Give a scroll: Give Sellen a sorcery scroll key item to add the sorceries contained within it to Sellen's merchant inventory.
Give letter of introduction: After receiving the Letter of Introduction from Preceptor Seluvis , you can then speak with Sellen about it. She will inform you that General Radahn must be defeated in order to restore the movement of the stars, which will reveal a way to access the lost city of Nokron.
You first encounter Sellen at the Waypoint Ruins after defeating the Mad Pumpkin Head guarding her room. She introduces herself as the Graven Witch. If you accept her offer to study sorceries, you can begin her questline. Learning enough sorceries from her will unlock additional dialogue.
( Optional ) You can progress Ranni's questline until you are asked to find Blaidd in Siofra River . He will direct you to question Seluvis , who sends you to Sellen for information.
To obtain the Comet Azur sorcery, find Primeval Sorcerer Azur north of Hermit Village on Mt. Gelmir. You will need to circle around the volcano to reach him. [ Map Link ]
Go back and speak with Sellen. She will give you a special glintstone key and task you with finding the sorcerer Master Lusat .
(Note: the following step can be completed now or skipped and left until the very end of the questline). Travel to Caelid and find the secret cave Sellia Hideaway , hidden behind an invisible wall. [ Map Link ]. Deep inside the Hideaway, at the bottom of a chasm filled with crystal ledges, you will encounter a glintstone barrier blocking access to a very small cave. Interact with the barrier to open it using Sellen's key. Inside you will find Master Lusat. Interact with him to learn the spell Stars of Ruin . Return to Sellen and she will reward you with a Starlight Shard.
After defeating Starscourge Radahn , return to Sellen . She will ask you to meet her at the Witchbane Ruins , where she will give you Sellen's Primal Glintstone .
If you haven't done so yet, travel back to Redmane Castle and speak with Witch-Hunter Jerren in the throne room. Exhaust his dialogue, then reset the area by resting at any Site of Grace. This will restore the castle to its enemy-filled state, as it was before the Radahn Festival.
Next, return to Witchbane Ruins to find Jerren standing over Sellen's now-deceased body. Speak with him again and exhaust his dialogue.
Journey to the Three Sisters area and locate the ruins on the right side of the approach up to Ranni's Rise. You must locate an illusory floor that must be struck to reveal. The location of the illusory floor is shown below.
In the secret basement of dolls, look for an illusory wall to the left of the glowing message that says "Seluvis's puppet. Do not touch." Behind the wall is a room with a doll duplicate of Sellen. Interact with it to insert the Primal Glinstone. After reviving Sellen, she will resume selling her sorceries here until Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon , is defeated.
After completing the previous steps and defeating Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon, fast travel to the Raya Lucaria Grand Library Site of Grace. Right outside the entrance should be two summon signs. The gold summon sign offers the option to assist Sellen, where you will need to aid her in fighting Witch Hunter Jerren: Defeating Witch-Hunter Jerren will reward you with the Eccentric Set . You can then revisit the spots where you first encountered Master Azur and Master Lusat to find their armor sets ( Azur's Glintstone Set and Lusat's set , respectively) laying on the ground where they once were. It is important to note that Lusat's Set can only be acquired after Sellen transforms. After the fight, you can find Sellen standing inside the Grand Library where Renalla once was, with Renalla sadly sitting off to the side of the room. Speak with Sellen and exhaust her dialogue to receive the Glintstone Kris and have the sorcery Shard Spiral added to Sellen's merchant inventory. Sellen will remain where she stands in the Grand Library until you have completed the part of her quest line to find Master Lusat. Once that part of her quest line has been completed, reset the area. You will find that Sellen will have moved to the side of the room and transformed into a School of Graven Mages (beside of which can be found her Witch's Glintstone Crown ) and Rennala will have returned to her original position in the center of the room. Despite Sellen's "condition," you can still purchase sorceries from her at any time by speaking with her.
The gold summon sign offers the option to assist Sellen, where you will need to aid her in fighting Witch Hunter Jerren: Defeating Witch-Hunter Jerren will reward you with the Eccentric Set . You can then revisit the spots where you first encountered Master Azur and Master Lusat to find their armor sets ( Azur's Glintstone Set and Lusat's set , respectively) laying on the ground where they once were. It is important to note that Lusat's Set can only be acquired after Sellen transforms. After the fight, you can find Sellen standing inside the Grand Library where Renalla once was, with Renalla sadly sitting off to the side of the room. Speak with Sellen and exhaust her dialogue to receive the Glintstone Kris and have the sorcery Shard Spiral added to Sellen's merchant inventory. Sellen will remain where she stands in the Grand Library until you have completed the part of her quest line to find Master Lusat. Once that part of her quest line has been completed, reset the area. You will find that Sellen will have moved to the side of the room and transformed into a School of Graven Mages (beside of which can be found her Witch's Glintstone Crown ) and Rennala will have returned to her original position in the center of the room. Despite Sellen's "condition," you can still purchase sorceries from her at any time by speaking with her.
Defeating Witch-Hunter Jerren will reward you with the Eccentric Set . You can then revisit the spots where you first encountered Master Azur and Master Lusat to find their armor sets ( Azur's Glintstone Set and Lusat's set , respectively) laying on the ground where they once were. It is important to note that Lusat's Set can only be acquired after Sellen transforms.
It is important to note that Lusat's Set can only be acquired after Sellen transforms.
After the fight, you can find Sellen standing inside the Grand Library where Renalla once was, with Renalla sadly sitting off to the side of the room. Speak with Sellen and exhaust her dialogue to receive the Glintstone Kris and have the sorcery Shard Spiral added to Sellen's merchant inventory.
Sellen will remain where she stands in the Grand Library until you have completed the part of her quest line to find Master Lusat. Once that part of her quest line has been completed, reset the area. You will find that Sellen will have moved to the side of the room and transformed into a School of Graven Mages (beside of which can be found her Witch's Glintstone Crown ) and Rennala will have returned to her original position in the center of the room. Despite Sellen's "condition," you can still purchase sorceries from her at any time by speaking with her.
The red summon sign offers the option to challenge Sellen, where you will need to aid Witch Hunter Jerren in defeating Sellen: Defeating Sellen will reward you with the Witch's Glintstone Crown and Sellen's Bell Bearing . Jerren can be found afterwards, standing just outside the entrance to the Grand Library. Speak to him and he will reward you with an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone . At this point, Jerren can still be killed in order to obtain the his armor set, the Eccentric Set. If you choose this option and kill Sellen, you will not be able to get the Lusat Set and Azur Set until your next game cycle.
Defeating Sellen will reward you with the Witch's Glintstone Crown and Sellen's Bell Bearing .
Jerren can be found afterwards, standing just outside the entrance to the Grand Library. Speak to him and he will reward you with an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone .
At this point, Jerren can still be killed in order to obtain the his armor set, the Eccentric Set.
If you choose this option and kill Sellen, you will not be able to get the Lusat Set and Azur Set until your next game cycle.
Tarnished, are we? A wonder you should turn up here. I am Sellen, a sorcerer, quite plainly. Why are you here?
What's the meaning of this? How unfortunate. <disappears>
You sadden me, my apprentice.
(On player kill) For a time, I believed us kindred spirits. My apprentice...
I want to learn sorcery (Intelligence >10)
Ahh, a yen for glintstone sorceries? Well, your aptitude does appear...passable. But one must choose one's masters wisely. I was exiled from the Academy of Raya Lucaria, as a reviled, apostate witch. Do you still wish to learn from me?
I want to learn sorcery (Intelligence <10)
Ahh, a yen for glintstone sorceries? I dare say your proclivities are far from ideal… Oh well, perhaps nurture will defy nature, with a bit of luck. But one must choose one's masters wisely. I was exiled from the Academy of Raya Lucaria, as a reviled, apostate witch. Do you still wish to learn from me?
I still want to learn
Well, you are a piece of work. Very well. You are now my protégé in glintstone sorcery. But I refuse to coddle. Or cast kind words. Never. Anticipate grievances, young apprentice. [Nod in Thought Gesture received]
Young apprentice, first things first. You are a tadpole when it comes to magic. Infantile. Without the legs to walk. So, to become a sorcerer, first, you must face your ignorance. Now, shall we start learning?
Giving her a sorcery Scroll
Oh, is that a scroll? Takes me back to my academy days. Very well. This is sorcery with which I'm not entirely unfamiliar. I'll be sure to incorporate it into one of your lessons. Never lose that inquisitive spirit, my apprentice.
About glintstone sorcery
Your appetite for learning is impressive. You make me proud. To have grown little legs so readily. You must have a fabulous teacher.
While imprisoned at Witchbane Ruins
It will do no good, I swear it...and yet you persist, you frothing degenerates...A...argh!
Seluvis' Letter of Introduction
Ah, then you have seen Master Azur. Master Azur was a founding glintstone sorcerer, and my first teacher. A stern judge of men, but he must have seen something in you. You make us both proud. We can speak more later, my apprentice.
§ Tell me your story
If you recall, I was exiled from the Academy of Raya Lucaria. It was for attempting to restore the primeval current of glintstone sorcery. The toothless pedantry peddled by the Carian royal family can rot for all I care. I want glintstone sorceries that open our minds, unbound by terrestrial taboos. No matter what we give in return. My apprentice. I presume nothing. Teacher and student are not bound to tread the same path. But hear me out, my apprentice. I need your help to restore the primeval current of glintstone sorcery. Perhaps this is a journey we could take together?
(Let's journey together) Splendid. I thank you. This pleases me. It's been far too long since I found a fellow kindred spirit. You must have a fabulous teacher.
I have a favour to ask
I need your help, my apprentice. Master Lusat is another founding glintstone sorcerer. And like Master Azur, he was banished from the academy. Now he languishes, imprisoned somewhere. My apprentice, can you find Master Lusat? With this glintstone key, you should be able to cross the boundary that encloses him.
I need him to restore the primeval current of glintstone sorcery. He's nigh a child of the stars, such is his body now...
After his expulsion from the academy, I heard that Master Lusat returned to his home. A place called Sellia, in the eastern Caelid Wilds. Thinking about it, I obtained the glintstone key I gave you from a Sellian sorcerer. It wouldn't be too much of a leap to suppose he's still cooped up nearby.
After meeting Master Lusat
My apprentice. Give me a moment later. I have a favour to ask.
Who could've guessed. What a place to find Master Lusat...You have my gratitude. This is all your work. I am truly pleased to have you as an apprentice, and a kindred spirit. This is a mere token of my thanks. Please, take it.
This brings us a full step closer. The bodies of Masters Azur and Lusat can be admitted to the academy. If only I could undo these wretched shackles...
The form you see before you is merely a projection. My body lies elsewhere. But the academy's shackles prevent it being moved. My body is on the Weeping Peninsula, at the southern tip of the Lands Between, imprisoned in the ruins just down from the Church of Marika, past the plain of the Wandering Mausoleum. Can you make the journey to my body? I have something that I can only trust with you.
At Witchbane Ruins (after hearing about her request)
My apprentice, thank you for coming. These shackles take a toll on us all. There is something I need you to look after. My primal glintstone. A star has fallen, and my fortunes waver. someone may come for my life. And so, I entrust it with you. My self.
Thank you...my apprentice... This...is my essence. Please, treat it with care.
Treat it with care, my apprentice... What you hold is my very being...
Using Sellen's Primal Glintstone in the secret room at the Three Sisters §
My apprentice, just how long has it been? Thank you. You've helped me fill a new body, once again. And it's truly a gem. Young and full of vigor, a snug fit for my Primal Glintstone. Better still, I've shed those awful shackles. Finally, I can return to the academy. To expel the Carian royal family, and restore the primeval current. My dear apprentice, I owe this all to you.
Jerren, bringer of my death. You have my gratitude. For freeing me from my shackles. But I am afraid your work is done. Join the school. To reflect on your mistake.
After defeating Jerren
Ahh, my apprentice. You've saved my skin once again. Do you see this? The Queen of Caria is no more. With the bodies of Masters Azur and Lusat returned, the academy can hone the primeval current. So that we, fallen children of the stars, shall beam with brilliance once again. My apprentice. Will you stay with us, here at the academy? Oh, I know it's not possible. You have your own calling. To be the next Elden Lord. But do think of me. Of your teacher. On the eve of your crowning. You will always be my darling pupil. Rest assured that I... No, the entire academy, will swear allegiance to the new monarch. My apprentice. Become Elden Lord.
Hmm. Perhaps I'm jumping ahead, but here is a symbol of my allegiance, and the academy's. (gives Glintstone Kris ) Do you recall what I once told you? That glintstone is the amber of the cosmos, and sorcery is the study of the stars, and the life therein. When you become Elden Lord, please illuminate me. Lay bare the secrets of life which course the Elden Ring. Next time, I will be your student.
Oh, one last thing. If you fail to claim your throne, you can always pay me a visit. Oh, don't fret. Even my dullest pupils will always have a place here.
About Lusat (if he is not found yet)
It warms my heart. That you still think of me. Yet I still yearn, for you to find Master Lusat. His body is needed. At the academy, to hone the primeval current...
Talking after reloading the area
U...urgh. M-my...apprentice...I-I'm...
(Subsequent Visits) There you are, my apprentice. Shall we commence the lesson? .
(Talking again without reloading) You wish to continue the lesson? Very well, I have time aplenty.
You can give Sellen the Royal House Scroll to add the sorceries Glintblade Phalanx and Carian Slicer to her merchant inventory.
You can give Sellen the Academy Scroll to add the sorceries Great Glintstone Shard and Swift Glintstone Shard to her merchant inventory.
You can give Sellen the Conspectus Scroll to add the sorceries Glintstone Cometshard and Star Shower to her merchant inventory.
In combat, Sellen wields a Carian Glintstone Staff and can cast Crystal Release , Shattering Crystal , Founding Rain of Stars , and Glintstone Cometshard.
Completing Sorceress Sellen's questline will affect the boss fight with Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing , preventing him from casting Comet Azur .
Despite being located in a no combat zone, the orb form Sellen transforms into at the end of her questline can be killed by the damaging roll of the Briar Set . With all 4 pieces equipped alongside the Ritual Sword Talisman at full health, each roll with deal 30 damage. She drops 1000 runes on death (base, NG) but can't be permanently killed and will respawn upon reloading the area.
The dialogue/lore in game that suggests that Sellen was the one whom created the Graven Mages is backed up by the fact that her mentor was Master Azur, the founder of the Karolos Conspectus, whose masks are notably spared from being incorporated into any of the Spheres. The Karolos Sorcerers are also the most plentiful type encountered throughout the academy, and world in general save for places still held by Carians, where Lazuli sorcerers still reside. Furthermore, paintings of the founding sorcerers found throughout the academy (except for the ones hanging in the debate parlor) are positioned such that Lusat's and the Lazuli founder's are either on their side or upside down, whereas Azur's are positioned properly. A notable few of these are on the secret path that's before the debate parlor, the one leading to the Graven School Talisman that rests upon an inert Graven Mage (part of the world geometry; not an enemy to fight). The implication here being that Sellen had a certain level of disdain for the other conspectuses, explaining her willingness to use their sorcerers in her experiments in creating the seeds of new stars, ultimately resulting in the making of Graven Mages.
Sellen's name in the Japanese release is "Seren", which could be translated as Sellen or Seren; given her voice actor has a Welsh accent and the ubiquitous use of the Welsh language in Elden Ring's world, it could be that her name is in some way linked to the Welsh word "Seren", meaning "star", which would thematically align with the Glintstone sorceries she practices that draw on the power of stars.
One of the glintstone crowns bestowed upon Raya Lucaria scholars whose pursuits were deemed worthy.
Increases intelligence to the detriment of stamina.
The Karolos Conspectus is the oldest of the academy's lineages of study, begat by the sorcerer Azur. Scholars who follow in his footsteps pursue the mysteries of comets.
An old glintstone blade that has been stained with blood.
Reduces FP consumption of sorceries and incantations at the cost of maximum HP.
The old sorcerers would slice open their hearts with these blades to imbue a primal glintstone with their soul, and thus did they die.
Increases intelligence and arcane to the detriment of stamina.
This gentle-looking crown was granted to a scholar who excelled in her studies, which also merited the title of "witch."
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"Preceptor Seluvis is hiding a dirty secret in a cellar among the ruins not far from the sisters three.
The vile Graven Witch seems to be a frequent visitor to that place."
Manchettes corroded by blue glintstones. Worn by Lusat, primeval current sorcerer.
Lusat had reached a near-inorganic state.
A talisman depicting the first school of graven mages — a nightmare that would continue to haunt the academy.
Greatly raises potency of sorceries.
The primeval current is a forbidden tradition of glintstone sorcery. To those who cleave to its teachings, the act of collecting sorcerers to fashion them into the seeds of stars is but another path of scientific inquiry.
Sellen was well known. The most promising sorceress in the history of the academy.
But Sellen was expelled from the academy. Accused of unthinkable treatment of certain sorcerers, under the name of the Graven Witch.
With the stars of fate set into motion, a certain sorceress is dispossessed of her immortality... Finally, we can be rid of a longstanding Carian weed...
There's a glintstone sorcerer by the name of Sellen in Limgrave. She owes me for the help I gave her when she was expelled from the academy. I asked her to look into the matter some time ago.
You didn't...know Sellen, did you? Well, whatever the case, she's dead now.
Tarnished, are we? A wonder you should turn up here. I am Sellen, a sorcerer, quite plainly.
Sorceress Sellen is a merchant NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) . She is initially found in Waypoint Ruins in Limgrave and is eager to share her glintstone sorceries .
1 Background 1.1 Freeing Sellen
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Summon sign 2.3 Shop inventory 2.4 Equipment
3 Quests 3.1 Quest items 3.2 Questline progression
3.2 Questline progression
Sellen was considered to be the most promising glintstone sorceress to ever attend the Academy of Raya Lucaria . [ 1 ] Her first teacher at the was the sorcerer Azur , one of the founding glintstone sorcerers and originator of the Karolos Conspectus . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] Azur, along with Lusat , was banished from the academy due to their study of the primeval current, [ 4 ] a study Sellen wished to pursue. However, following accusations of unspeakable treatment of her fellow scholars under the name of the Graven Witch, Sellen too was expelled from the academy. [ 5 ] Sellen had sought to restore the Primeval Current, desiring glintstone sorceries unbound by terrestrial taboos and the pedantry of the Carian Royal Family . [ 6 ]
Sellen was also an acquaintance of Preceptor Seluvis , and a frequent visitor to his underground cellar, [ 7 ] where he kept his collection of puppets. When Sellen was expelled, Seluvis helped her in some capacity, for which she owes him. [ 8 ]
At some point following her banishment, Sellen was imprisoned in Witchbane Ruins on the Weeping Peninsula , bound by the Academy's shackles. [ 9 ] She managed to manifest a projection of herself [ 10 ] in the Waypoint Ruins in Limgrave . It is here that she meets the Tarnished , who becomes her apprentice [ 11 ] and starts learning glintstone sorceries from her. When she learns that the Tarnished has found Master Azur on Mt. Gelmir , she requests that they seek out Master Lusat, speculating that he returned to his home of Sellia, Town of Sorcery . [ 12 ] The Tarnished discovers Lusat, in a near-inorganic state [ 13 ] much like Azur, in Sellia Hideaway , and reports back to Sellen.
Much like Ranni the Witch , Sellen's fate is tied to the stars, and with the defeat of Starscourge Radahn , Sellen becomes dispossessed of her immortality. [ 14 ] This makes her a target of Jerren , a friend of the Carian Royal Family who once made a promise to exterminate the witch. Sellen reveals to the Tarnished that the form they have been speaking to is a projection, [ 10 ] and that her true body resides in Witchbane Ruins. [ 15 ] The Tarnished meets with Sellen's true body, shackled in the ruin's cellar, and she asks them to remove her Primal Glintstone , beseeching them to look after it. [ 16 ] Jerren arrives to find Sellen's previous body already perished. [ 17 ] The Tarnished later places Sellen's Primal Glintstone into a puppet in Seluvis's basement, which bears a striking resemblance to Sellen's old body.
Sellen, now in her new, more youthful body, [ 18 ] returns to the Academy and displaces Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon . [ 19 ] She has the bodies of Azur and Lusat moved back to the Academy, so that she can finally hone the Primeval Current. [ 20 ] She offers her support to the Tarnished in their mission to become Elden Lord , and requests that when the time comes, they illuminate her about the secrets of life which course the Elden Ring . [ 21 ]
Before long, however, Jerren finally catches up to her. [ 22 ] Should the Tarnished aid her in beating back Jerren, Sellen will continue her research. However, the next time the Tarnished visits her, Sellen will have fallen to the fate of many glintstone sorcerers before her, and transformed into a Graven Mass .
Waypoint Ruins Sellen can be found in the cellar of Waypoint Ruins after defeating the Mad Pumpkin Head . Talk to Sellen and then select "I wish to learn glintstone sorceries" to receive the "Nod in Thought" Gesture, and to unlock her sorcery shop. (Optional) If the Radahn Festival has not commenced, Sellen will have dialogue about it if you have Seluvis's Introduction in your inventory. This is obtained by progressing Blaidd the Half-Wolf's questline and speaking to Seluvis about Nokron prior to initiating the Festival.
Sellen can be found in the cellar of Waypoint Ruins after defeating the Mad Pumpkin Head . Talk to Sellen and then select "I wish to learn glintstone sorceries" to receive the "Nod in Thought" Gesture, and to unlock her sorcery shop.
(Optional) If the Radahn Festival has not commenced, Sellen will have dialogue about it if you have Seluvis's Introduction in your inventory. This is obtained by progressing Blaidd the Half-Wolf's questline and speaking to Seluvis about Nokron prior to initiating the Festival.
Waypoint Ruins Find Primeval Sorcerer Azur, located beyond the Hermit Village on Mt. Gelmir , to obtain Comet Azur . Return to Sellen and select the "Show Azur's Sorcery" dialogue option. After listening to this dialogue, select the "Tell me your story" option, and then select "Let us journey together". Next, select "I have a favor to ask" to obtain the Sellian Sealbreaker. The Sellian Sealbreaker can be used to open a sealed tunnel in Sellia Hideaway , behind which is Primeval Sorcerer Lusat. Interact with him to receive Stars of Ruin . It is now possible to select the "Lusat's location" dialogue option when talking to Sellen, which will reward you with a Starlight Shards. This option can be avoided until later in the questline.
Find Primeval Sorcerer Azur, located beyond the Hermit Village on Mt. Gelmir , to obtain Comet Azur . Return to Sellen and select the "Show Azur's Sorcery" dialogue option. After listening to this dialogue, select the "Tell me your story" option, and then select "Let us journey together". Next, select "I have a favor to ask" to obtain the Sellian Sealbreaker.
The Sellian Sealbreaker can be used to open a sealed tunnel in Sellia Hideaway , behind which is Primeval Sorcerer Lusat. Interact with him to receive

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Blaidd the Half-Wolf
Let's give them a show to remember, eh. Just don't you go dying on me. For Ranni's sake too.
- Blaidd to the Tarnished, during the Festival of Radahn.
Blaidd the Half-Wolf is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) . He is a half-wolf warrior in service to Lunar Princess Ranni and serves as her faithful shadow .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Blaidd was created by Ranni's own Two Fingers as a vassal to Lunar Princess Ranni and to be incapable of treachery towards her, as she was one of the three Empyreans candidates chosen by the Greater Will, along with Miquella and Malenia , to eventually replace their mother Queen Marika the Eternal as the God of a new age. However, the Two Fingers also created a failsafe within Blaidd that was unknown to him; that if Ranni should ever deny the destiny set out for her by the Greater Will and rebel against it, the loyal shadow would slowly descend into madness, which would inevitably pose a threat to Ranni herself.
He was approved by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon [ 1 ] and became raised as Ranni's stepbrother. He was willing to descend into madness as his ultimate end to support his stepsister Ranni's will from his heart.
Limgrave ( Mistwood Ruins ) Blaidd can be heard howling in Mistwood. After hearing the howl, speak to Kalé and select "About the howling in Mistwood." This will unlock the Finger Snap gesture. Use Finger Snap in Mistwood near a ruined tower containing a Runebear to cause Blaidd to jump down. Talk to him and exhaust his dialogue.
Blaidd can be heard howling in Mistwood. After hearing the howl, speak to Kalé and select "About the howling in Mistwood." This will unlock the Finger Snap gesture.
Use Finger Snap in Mistwood near a ruined tower containing a Runebear to cause Blaidd to jump down. Talk to him and exhaust his dialogue.
Limgrave ( Forlorn Hound Evergaol ) Enter the Forlorn Hound Evergaol in Limgrave and defeat Bloodhound Knight Darriwil . Blaidd will be available as a summon during this fight. Speak to Blaidd next to the Forlorn Hound Evergaol to earn a Somber Smithing Stone [2].
Enter the Forlorn Hound Evergaol in Limgrave and defeat Bloodhound Knight Darriwil . Blaidd will be available as a summon during this fight.
Speak to Blaidd next to the Forlorn Hound Evergaol to earn a Somber Smithing Stone [2].
Liurnia of the Lakes ( Ranni's Rise ) After entering Ranni's service, a projection of Blaidd will appear in Ranni's Rise. This step is skipped if Starscourge Radahn has already been defeated.
After entering Ranni's service, a projection of Blaidd will appear in Ranni's Rise. This step is skipped if Starscourge Radahn has already been defeated.
Siofra River Bank Blaidd will appear in Siofra River. He will suggest talking to Seluvis about how to get into Nokron. This step is skipped if Starscourge Radahn has already been defeated.
Blaidd will appear in Siofra River. He will suggest talking to Seluvis about how to get into Nokron. This step is skipped if Starscourge Radahn has already been defeated.
Siofra River Bank (Optional) After speaking to Seluvis about Nokron and then speaking to Sellen, return to Blaidd in Siofra River Bank and exhaust his dialogue. He will move to Redmane Castle afterwards.
(Optional) After speaking to Seluvis about Nokron and then speaking to Sellen, return to Blaidd in Siofra River Bank and exhaust his dialogue. He will move to Redmane Castle afterwards.
Caelid ( Redmane Castle ) Blaidd will appear in the plaza at Redmane Castle when the Radahn Festival begins. He also appears as an optional summon in the fight against Starscourge Radahn. (Optional) After defeating Radahn, speak to Blaidd next to the Starscourge Radahn Site of Grace. He will mark the location of the entrance to Nokron, Eternal City, on your map.
Blaidd will appear in the plaza at Redmane Castle when the Radahn Festival begins. He also appears as an optional summon in the fight against Starscourge Radahn.
(Optional) After defeating Radahn, speak to Blaidd next to the Starscourge Radahn Site of Grace. He will mark the location of the entrance to Nokron, Eternal City, on your map.
Limgrave (Forlorn Hound Evergaol) (Optional) Interact with the Forlorn Hound Evergaol to speak to Blaidd. Either choose to release him or leave him.
(Optional) Interact with the Forlorn Hound Evergaol to speak to Blaidd. Either choose to release him or leave him.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Three Sisters) After obtaining the Dark Moon Ring and defeating Astel, Naturalborn of the Void , Blaidd appears as a hostile NPC outside Ranni's Rise. Defeat him to obtain his armour and weapon.
After obtaining the Dark Moon Ring and defeating Astel, Naturalborn of the Void , Blaidd appears as a hostile NPC outside Ranni's Rise. Defeat him to obtain his armour and weapon.
Liurnia of the Lakes ( Kingsrealm Ruins ) (Optional) Speak to War Counselor Iji to deliver the news of Blaidd's death.
(Optional) Speak to War Counselor Iji to deliver the news of Blaidd's death.
During Ranni's questline, the Tarnished will come across a Baleful Shadow, one of the assassins sent after Ranni by her Two Fingers. This Shadow takes the form of Blaidd, although it is not actually him.
Interestingly, near Ranni's Rise a corpse can be found which holds a mask that is nearly identical to Blaidd's head. Whether or not this mask belonged to the Baleful Shadow assassin encountered in Nokron by Ranni and the Tarnished, or if it belonged to another assassin who had tried to disguise themselves as Blaidd in order to get close to Ranni before the events of the game, is unknown.
The name "Blaidd" is Welsh for "Wolf."
Blaidd at the Wailing Dunes after defeating General Radahn, the moon behind him
Blaidd at the end of his questline
Dead Black Knife Assassins in front of Ranni's Rise where you find Blaidd
The Baleful Shadow invader
Blaidd's full character
Blaidd in the trailer
Blaidd as a cooperator
A close-up of Blaidd's face
Concept art of Blaidd

---

area: Altus Plateau
chapter: 13
name: Millicent
Millicent is an NPC in Elden Ring . She is a young woman stricken with an incurable case of Scarlet Rot . Gowry will send players to look for her in an attempt to cure her of Scarlet Rot. Progress through her questline in order to unlock her as an NPC Summon Cooperator during specific boss battles.
Millicent can also be encountered as an NPC Invader . She will invade the player in the Swamp of Aeonia at all times of the day. She has light armor and appears to use a Shamshir , but with the Waterfowl Dance skill, the same as Malenia .
If I am to flower into something other than myself, I would rather rot into nothingness as I am.
Millicent can be found initially at Church of the Plague , northeast of Gowry's Shack .
After you give her the Unalloyed Gold Needle , she will move to Gowry's Shack. [ Map link ]
From there, she will head to the southern Altus Plateau. [ Map link ]
After defeating the Godskin Apostle and giving Millicent Valkyrie's Prosthesis , she will be at the Site of Grace in the northern part of Windmill Village . [ Map link ]
Millicent can be fought as an NPC . If defeated, she drops 6,000 Runes and Millicent's Prosthesis (after she moves to Windmill Village )
As an NPC Invader , Millicent appears southeast of the Swamp of Aeonia , near the geysers and the Commander O'Neil boss fight [ Map link ]. Millicent is immune to Scarlet Rot but vulnerable to Poison . If defeated as an invader, she drops x5 Sacramental Bud , Golden Rune [3] , Golden Rune [5] , Golden Rune [10] , and 316 Runes .
If defeated as an invader, she drops x5 Sacramental Bud , Golden Rune [3] , Golden Rune [5] , Golden Rune [10] , and 316 Runes .
Millicent can be summoned for the following bosses:
Magma Wyrm Makar : After giving Millicent the Unalloyed Gold Needle and exhausting all her dialogue at Gowry's Shack .
Godskin Apostle : After giving her the Valkyrie's Prosthesis .
Draconic Tree Sentinel ( Capital Outskirts ): After giving her the Valkyrie's Prosthesis and defeating the Godskin Apostle in Windmill Village .
Black Blade Kindred ( Forbidden Lands ): After advancing her questline to defeat the Godskin Apostle in Windmill Village . Her summon sign will be available north of the Statue of Marika, along the road to the boss.
Millicent has a questline related to Gowry , but also appears as an NPC Invader at the Aeonia Swamp . The quest can be completed after reaching the Haligtree Roots site of grace, and can still be completed after defeating Malenia . The quest can be done quickly if the player defeats the bosses or otherwise obtains the quest items before exhausting dialogue.
Questline Objectives:
Speak with Gowry in his shack and he will ask for a favor. He wants help to heal a young girl, Millicent, found beyond Sellia , who has been infected with Scarlet Rot . To do this, he will ask you to seek an Unalloyed Gold Needle , which is dropped by Commander O'Neil , located in the Swamp of Aeonia . In return, he will share the secrets of the town of Sellia. Speaking to Gowry and accepting his quest will unlock Polyanna, Adopted Daughter's summon sign, north of O'Neil's battle arena.
Speaking to Gowry and accepting his quest will unlock Polyanna, Adopted Daughter's summon sign, north of O'Neil's battle arena.
Give the Unalloyed Gold Needle to Gowry. He'll need some time to repair the needle and will give you Sellia's Secret . Warp to a nearby site of grace or quit the game to reload, and he'll give you the repaired needle.
Warp to a nearby site of grace or quit the game to reload, and he'll give you the repaired needle.
Bring the needle to Millicent at the Church of the Plague . You may need to complete the puzzle in Sellia, Town of Sorcery to open the path uphill. Or, coming from Dragonbarrow , jump down a Spirit Spring to the north of the Church.
After Millicent uses the needle, rest at the nearby site of grace, then exhaust her dialogue. She will gift you the Prosthesis-Wearer Heirloom . Upon reloading the area, she will have moved to Gowry's shack.
Return to Gowry's shack to find him gone, but Millicent there. Exhaust her dialogue. Reload the area, and Millicent will move, and Gowry will return. You can now purchase spells from him. Millicent can be summoned to fight Magma Wyrm Makar in the Ruin-Strewn Precipice after this point. This summon sign will disappear if she is given the Valkyrie's Prosthesis.
Millicent can be summoned to fight Magma Wyrm Makar in the Ruin-Strewn Precipice after this point. This summon sign will disappear if she is given the Valkyrie's Prosthesis.
Millicent will now be located just north-northeast of the Erdtree-Gazing Hill site of grace in Altus Plateau , standing near the edge of the cliff. [ Map Link ] The player will need to go north to The Shaded Castle and retrieve the Valkyrie's Prosthesis , which is found in a chest in a room guarded by a single Cleanrot Knight , on the northwestern edge of the castle. Return to her, and give her the Valkyrie's Prosthesis item to advance her quest.
The player will need to go north to The Shaded Castle and retrieve the Valkyrie's Prosthesis , which is found in a chest in a room guarded by a single Cleanrot Knight , on the northwestern edge of the castle. Return to her, and give her the Valkyrie's Prosthesis item to advance her quest.
Go to Dominula, Windmill Village , and a golden summon sign for Millicent will appear before the Godskin Apostle boss..
After defeating the Apostle, rest at the Windmill Heights site of grace, and she will appear next to it. Exhaust her dialogue to continue the quest. [ Map Link ]
Millicent can be summoned to fight the Black Blade Kindred boss in Forbidden Lands , even before defeating the Godskin Apostle.
Millicent will move to the Ancient Snow Valley Ruins site of grace in Mountaintops of the Giants . Exhaust her dialogue to continue. [ Map link ] If Millicent does not appear at the site of grace, try returning to the Windmill Heights again and see if she's there, and if so, exhaust her dialogue there.
If Millicent does not appear at the site of grace, try returning to the Windmill Heights again and see if she's there, and if so, exhaust her dialogue there.
Millicent will move to the Prayer Room site of grace [ Map Link ] in Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree . She will not move from this spot until the player has defeated the nearby Putrid Tree Spirit enemy. To reach this enemy, go to the Drainage Channel site of grace, go west through the doorway, climb up the ladder at the end of the corridor, and go out the doorway on your right at the top. The tree spirit is at the landmass across the gap to the left. To reach it, go up the slope on the right and walk across the tree branch, heading southwest across the gap. [ Map link ]
Once the player has defeated the mini-boss, there will be two summon signs near where the mini-boss used to be. Specifically, on the northwest hill around the lake. The player can either: Be summoned into her world and help fight four NPC Invaders called Millicent's Sisters, granting you the Rotten Winged Sword Insignia upon completion. Mary, Eldest Sister (wields a Halo Scythe ). Maureen, Second Sister (wields a Treespear ). Amy, Third Sister (wields two Flowing Curved Swords ). Polyanna, Youngest Sister (wields a Blade of Calling ). Be summoned as an invader in order to challenge her, granting you Millicent's Prosthesis upon completion, but not the Unalloyed Gold Needle .
Be summoned into her world and help fight four NPC Invaders called Millicent's Sisters, granting you the Rotten Winged Sword Insignia upon completion. Mary, Eldest Sister (wields a Halo Scythe ). Maureen, Second Sister (wields a Treespear ). Amy, Third Sister (wields two Flowing Curved Swords ). Polyanna, Youngest Sister (wields a Blade of Calling ).
Mary, Eldest Sister (wields a Halo Scythe ).
Maureen, Second Sister (wields a Treespear ).
Amy, Third Sister (wields two Flowing Curved Swords ).
Polyanna, Youngest Sister (wields a Blade of Calling ).
Be summoned as an invader in order to challenge her, granting you Millicent's Prosthesis upon completion, but not the Unalloyed Gold Needle .
If the player chose to help Millicent, they can find her near where her summoning sign was, sitting by the rotten pool. Exhaust all of her dialogue, then reload the area. The Unalloyed Gold Needle is on the ground. The Unalloyed Gold Needle can be used at the flower in Malenia's arena in order to receive Miquella’s Needle , as well as a Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone . (Requires location reset after the fight)
The Unalloyed Gold Needle can be used at the flower in Malenia's arena in order to receive Miquella’s Needle , as well as a Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone . (Requires location reset after the fight)
If you return to Gowry, he will talk about Malenia and Millicent's connection. You will no longer be able to purchase from the Sage. If you kill Gowry at this point, you will receive the Flock's Canvas Talisman and Gowry's Bell Bearing . If he is already dead, both items will still be obtainable from his corpse, found in Gowry's Shack .
If you kill Gowry at this point, you will receive the Flock's Canvas Talisman and Gowry's Bell Bearing . If he is already dead, both items will still be obtainable from his corpse, found in Gowry's Shack .
Attacking her after giving her the Unalloyed Gold Needle
(Warning) Ugh. Is there something wrong? Please, cease this at once.
(Combat) Why are you doing this? Now you've forced my hand.
(On player kill) I will not forget what you did for me. But this day marks our farewell.
Killing Millicent at the end of her questline in Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree before reloading the area
I did not expect it to end like this. But I will not forget what you have done.
After choosing to challenge Millicent
Ahh, how could you... Is this your true heart? Was I... was it all...for this?
In combat, Millicent wields a unique version of the Shamshir that has the Waterfowl Dance skill (which is normally only found on the Hand of Malenia ), and the R2 attack of the Flowing Curved Sword . Before she receives the prosthesis, she uses it in her left hand, never two-handing it or doing anything else that would involve her right arm, and she won't use its skill either.
When fighting her as an invader in the swamp, it is recommended to use Flame, Cleanse Me or Preserving Boluses to cleanse the Scarlet Rot .
The name "Millicent" comes from the old Germanic name Amalasuintha, composed of the words "Amal" which means "work" or "labor" and "Swinth", which means "strong". Alternatively, the French variation, Mélisande, means "brave strength". This fits directly back into Millicent's character, who despite being heavily afflicted with the Scarlet Rot and lacking an arm, is able to travel from Caelid all the way to the Haligtree almost on her own, requiring only some assistance from the player.
The items dropped by Invader Millicent in the Swamp of Aeonia may be a reference to other aspects of her lore: The 5 sacramental buds represent Millicent and her 4 sisters, while the rune items she drops are the same as the percentage damage increase of the base Winged Sword Insignia; 3, 5, and 10.
Curved sword with a thin blade of ample length. Light of weight despite its larger size, its slicing attacks come in rapid succession.
A devastatingly powerful weapon in the hands of a skilled swordsman.
An intricately crafted needle of unalloyed gold. Once snapped in half, it has been repaired by Sage Gowry.
A ritual implement crafted to ward away the meddling of outer gods, it is thought capable of forestalling the incurable rotting sickness.
"Now, all you need to do is deliver the needle to Millicent, convalescing in the church atop the cliff just beyond Sellia."
A talisman engraved with a scene from a heroic tale. Raises dexterity.
Though born into the accursed rot, when the young girl encountered her mentor and his flowing blade, she gained wings of unparalleled strength.
Golden prosthesis once used by the one-armed valkyrie. A masterwork of craftsmanship, with practice and skill it can be used as proficiently as a real arm.
When Maleigh Marais, Lord of the Shaded Castle, embraced this prosthesis, he claimed to feel the presence of his personal goddess.
A talisman depicting a raised prosthetic blade. An honor bestowed upon the valkyries who serve the goddess of rot.
Greatly raises attack power with successive attacks.
The Four sisters were born in the swamp of Aeonia, and came to the Haligtree under the aegis of Gowry. And yet, those buds were doomed to never blossom.
Part of the golden prosthesis used by Millicent. The hand is locked into a fist that once raised a sword aloft.
Boosts dexterity and raises attack power with successive attacks.
The despair of sweet betrayal transformed Millicent from a mere bud into a magnificent flower. And one day, she will be reborn - as a beautiful scarlet valkyrie.
"Well, I'm the one that found her. A mere babe, in the swamp of Aeonia. She is one of my dear daughters."
"The needle is repaired. Now it will forestall the rotting sickness, I'm sure."
"If you happen to be present for the girl's fight with her sisters, I ask that you side with the sisters and kill Millicent. It must be done by your hand; no other. Millicent trusts you, rather deeply in fact. Sever that trust. Nurtured by betrayal, her bud will flower most vividly. When Malenia ascends to godhood, Millicent too shall be reborn. As a scarlet valkyrie."
Tell whoever put you up to this. That if I am to flower into something other than myself, I would rather rot into nothingness as I am.
Millicent is an NPC cooperator in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Millicent is a red-haired woman afflicted by Scarlet Rot . She and her sisters were found in the Swamp of Aeonia in Caelid by Sage Gowry , who raised them as his daughters. [ 1 ] Her four sisters travelled to Miquella's Haligtree under Gowry's guidance [ 2 ] , however Millicent alone remained behind.
At Gowry's behest, [ 3 ] the Tarnished obtains an Unalloyed Gold Needle and brings it to the Church of the Plague , where Millicent is slowly succumbing to the Rot. The Tarnished uses the needle to stall the Rot, allowing Millicent to regain lucidity. [ 4 ] However, her memories appear to have been affected by her sickness, as when she struggles to remember Gowry upon returning to his shack to find it abandoned. [ 5 ]
Millicent sets off on a journey across the Lands Between , retracing the route taken by Malenia, Blade of Miquella after the battle of Aeonia. [ 6 ] She once again meets the Tarnished on the Altus Plateau , where they present her with a Valkyrie's Prosthesis to replace her missing sword arm. [ 7 ]
Millicent's journey takes her to the Mountaintops of the Giants , in search of a fort containing a medallion which will allow her to access the Haligtree. [ 8 ] After the Tarnished claims the medallion and travels to the Consecrated Snowfield , Millicent makes her way to the Haligtree, and to Elphael , the city at its base. Here, she reveals to the Tarnished that she is of Malenia's blood, although she is unsure whether she is a sister, daughter, or offshoot of the Demigod. [ 9 ] Unbeknownst to Millicent, however, the Tarnished has been advised by Gowry to assist his remaining four daughters in killing Millicent, so that she can be reborn as a scarlet valkyrie when Malenia ascends to godhood. [ 10 ]
The Tarnished may then make a choice: kill Millicent alongside her four sisters, or fight alongside her against the attackers. Should the Tarnished kill Millicent, she will become a scarlet aeonia flower , waiting for Malenia's ascension. If the player fights alongside her, she will remove the needle from her body, allowing her to succumb to the Rot.
Caelid ( Swamp of Aeonia ) (Optional) Millicent can invade in the south-eastern part of the Swamp of Aeonia.
(Optional) Millicent can invade in the south-eastern part of the Swamp of Aeonia.
Caelid ( Swamp of Aeonia and Gowry's Shack ) Defeat Commander O'Niel to obtain the Unalloyed Gold Needle and bring it to Gowry . Reload the area and speak to Gowry again to obtain the repaired needle.
Defeat Commander O'Niel to obtain the Unalloyed Gold Needle and bring it to Gowry . Reload the area and speak to Gowry again to obtain the repaired needle.
Caelid ( Church of the Plague ) Give Millicent the Unalloyed Gold Needle, then rest at the Site of Grace and exhaust her dialogue.
Give Millicent the Unalloyed Gold Needle, then rest at the Site of Grace and exhaust her dialogue.
Caelid ( Gowry's Shack ) Return to Gowry's Shack and exhaust Millicent's dialogue.
Return to Gowry's Shack and exhaust Millicent's dialogue.
Altus Plateau ( Erdtree-Gazing Hill Ruins ) Find Millicent on a hill north of the Erdtree Gazing Hill Site of Grace. Go to the Shaded Castle and find the Valkyrie's Prosthesis in a treasure chest. Return to Millicent and give her the Valkyrie's Prosthesis. Millicent will now be available as a summon for the following bosses: Godskin Apostle (Windmill Heights) , Draconic Tree Sentinel (Capital Outskirts) , Black Blade Kindred (Forbidden Lands) .
Find Millicent on a hill north of the Erdtree Gazing Hill Site of Grace.
Go to the Shaded Castle and find the Valkyrie's Prosthesis in a treasure chest.
Return to Millicent and give her the Valkyrie's Prosthesis.
Millicent will now be available as a summon for the following bosses: Godskin Apostle (Windmill Heights) , Draconic Tree Sentinel (Capital Outskirts) , Black Blade Kindred (Forbidden Lands) .
Altus Plateau ( Dominula, Windmill Village ) After defeating the Godskin Apostle, speak to Millicent near the Site of Grace of the battle and exhaust her dialogue.
After defeating the Godskin Apostle, speak to Millicent near the Site of Grace of the battle and exhaust her dialogue.
Mountaintops of the Giants Find Millicent beside the Ancient Snow Valley Ruins Site of Grace and exhaust her dialogue.
Find Millicent beside the Ancient Snow Valley Ruins Site of Grace and exhaust her dialogue.
Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree Find Millicent next to the Prayer Room Site of Grace and exhaust her dialogue. (Optional) Speaking to Gowry at this point will cause him to provide new dialogue explaining the next part of the questline.
Find Millicent next to the Prayer Room Site of Grace and exhaust her dialogue.
(Optional) Speaking to Gowry at this point will cause him to provide new dialogue explaining the next part of the questline.
Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree. After defeating the Putrid Tree Spirit there will be two summon signs on the right ledge above the Scarlet Rot pool, both very close to each other. Selecting the gold summon sign will send you into Millicent's world to help her fight off four NPCs: Mary, Eldest Sister; Maureen, Second Sister; Amy, Third Sister; Polyanna, Youngest Sister. Doing so will reward you with the Rotten Winged Sword Insignia . After the fight, find Millicent lying beside the poison pool and speak to her to end her quest. Afterwards, after exhausting his dialogue, Gowry will drop the Flock's Canvas Talisman if killed. Only if Millicent was assisted, Malenia will drop Miquella's Needle when revisiting the area after defeated. Selecting the red summon sign will send you into Millicent's world in order to kill her alongside the aforementioned NPCs. Doing so will reward you with Millicent's Prosthesis ; an Aeon

---

area: Caelid
chapter: 9
name: Gowry
Gowry (or Sage Gowry ) is an NPC in Elden Ring . Gowry is a once great Sage who wishes to cure the young Millicent from a rotting sickness. He can be found in his shack, Gowry's Shack within Caelid . Speaking with Gowry is required to complete Millicent's questline.
The rotting sickness that afflicts Millicent has no cure. When the Erdtree flourished, even the demigods could not stave off its effects, despite their nigh godhood.
Gowry can be found at Gowry's Shack located in eastern Caelid , just before reaching Sellia, Town of Sorcery . [ Map Link ]
This NPC does not move
This merchant can be fought
If defeated, drops: Flock's Canvas Talisman and Gowry's Bell Bearing .
Speak to Gowry in his shack to begin the questline involving him and Millicent . The walkthrough for this questline is on Millicent 's page.
Beware of the Giant Dog found a short distance before the shack. Aggroing this dog and then speaking to Gowry may cause it to kill him.
As you progress the questline, Gowry will provide the player a number of rewards:
He will give the player Sellia's Secret after agreeing to find the Unalloyed Gold Needle
After Millicent leaves Gowry's Shack, he will sell these spells: Glintstone Stars Night Shard Night Maiden's Mist
After giving Millicent the Valkyrie's Prosthesis , Gowry will sell Pest Threads Purchasing it from him will prompt some dialogue from him and allow you to ask him about his interest in rot and Malenia . You will also be given the Desperate Prayer gesture .
Purchasing it from him will prompt some dialogue from him and allow you to ask him about his interest in rot and Malenia . You will also be given the Desperate Prayer gesture .
Once you have progressed Millicent's questline to the point that you can choose to invade Millicent or help her in battle, Gowry can be found crying in his shack. Ask him why he's crying, and he will ask you to kill Millicent, rather than help her in battle, as he wishes for her to become a flower.
Assist Millicent: Upon returning to his shack, Gowry will be lamenting over Millicent's decision to remove the needle. Killing him at this point will not cause him to respawn, and he will drop Flock's Canvas Talisman and Gowry's Bell Bearing .
Challenge Millicent: Upon returning to his shack, Gowry will be dead and you can also retrieve the Flock's Canvas Talisman and Gowry's Bell Bearing .
"We shall meet again, you and I. There are countless pests to choose from." (First time killing Gowry)
"We shall meet again. As many times as it takes. For you to understand." (Subsequent killing at Gowry's Shack after the first)
"Have you taken the lesson, now? Killing me is an exercise in futility. All is well, provided you understand. Let's just pretend it never happened, shall we?" (Dialogue after talking to him at Gowry's Shack after he has respawned)
After killing Millicent at the Church of Plague
"O Millicent, my daughter... Who would prune your sapling flesh? Such...such cruel and vulgar violence..."
"O Millicent... My most promising little bud..."
Killing him at Gowry's Shack reveals the body to be a Kindred of Rot followed by dialogue from Gowry suggesting his actual body is elsewhere. When reloading the world he will have respawned.
If you choose to assist Millicent rather than invade her, you may be locked out of getting the Flock's Canvas Talisman . Sometimes, Gowry cannot be killed and will continue to turn into the kindred of rot. It is not known if this is intentional or a bug.
An intricately crafted needle of unalloyed gold, snapped in half.
A ritual implement crafted to ward away the meddling of outer gods, it is thought capable of forestalling the incurable rotting sickness.
Sage Gowry has designs for this needle.
An intricately crafted needle of unalloyed gold. Once snapped in half, it has been repaired by Sage Gowry.
"Now, all you need do is deliver the needle to Millicent, convalescing in the church atop the cliff just beyond Sellia."
Thick burgundy robe. Attire of the wise sages who were deemed heretical.
Evidence that the wearer was driven from town.
Note given by Sage Gowry detailing the secret he promised.
The Town of Sellia hides the source.
Light three flames atop the candle towers to break the seal.
Incantation of the servants of rot.
Secretes countless sticky threads, launching them forwards.
A technique of the pale pests who crawl through the lands afflicted by scarlet rot; the abandoned children of the goddess. "Do you have an interest in rot incantations?"
A talisman depicting the exultation of pests.
Raises attack power when poisoning or rot occurs in the vicinity.
"Rot for the scarlet goddess. O scarlet blossoms, flourish in distant lands, and return to us, the unwanted children."
Part of the golden prosthesis used by Millicent. The hand is locked into a fist that once raised a sword aloft.
Boosts dexterity and raises attack power with successive attacks.
The despair of sweet betrayal transformed Millicent from a mere bud into a magnificent flower. And one day, she will be reborn - as a beautiful scarlet valkyrie.
A talisman depicting a raised prosthetic blade. An honor bestowed upon the valkyries who serve the goddess of rot.
Greatly raises attack power with successive attacks.
The Four sisters were born in the swamp of Aeonia, and came to the Haligtree under the aegis of Gowry. And yet, those buds were doomed to never blossom.
Technique of Malenia, the Goddess of Rot.
Creates a gigantic flower that blooms into an explosion of scarlet rot.
Each time the scarlet flower blooms, Malenia's rot advances. It has bloomed twice already. With the third bloom, she will become a true goddess.
Something about this place felt familiar to me. So I decided to pay a visit, hoping to find someone here. But I've only found emptiness. Perhaps before my departure, I needed someone to say farewell to.
I am of Malenia's blood. But in what capacity I know not. I could be sister, daughter, or an offshoot... Whatever the case though, I am certain of a kinship between us.
But this is where things end. I pause to even tell you, but... I took out the needle myself. Tell whoever put you up to this. That if I am to flower into something other than myself, I would rather rot into nothingness as I am.
Oh, a pleasure to see you, a pleasure indeed. I am Gowry. A great sage, in my day, anyway.
Sage Gowry is a merchant NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
3 Character Information 3.1 Basic Info 3.2 Equipment 3.3 Quest Items
4 Questline Progression
Gowry is an elderly sage dwelling in the blighted Caelid Wilds . When the Empyrean Malenia unleashed the Scarlet Rot during her battle with General Radahn , she permanently blighted Caelid. Since that day, Gowry has dedicated himself to her and the Order of Rot he hopes she will usher in. [ 1 ]
Gowry found Millicent and her sisters in the Swamp of Aeonia and raised them as his daughters. [ 2 ] Seeing them as buds [ 3 ] , he sent each of Millicent's sisters to the Haligtree in the hopes that they would bloom into scarlet valkyries. [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Millicent became consumed by the Scarlet Rot, and was housed in a church, where she was worshipped by the Pests [ 6 ] . Gowry sought the aid of a Tarnished , offering to reveal to them the secret of the magical town of Sellia in exchange for their aid. [ 7 ] Gowry bids the Tarnished to journey deep into the Swamp of Aeonia to retrieve a needle of unalloyed gold, which could stem the effects of the Scarlet Rot. After the Tarnished retrieves the needle, Gowry shares the secret of the town, and asks them for another favor; to find Millicent and give her the needle.
Gowry avoids Millicent when she comes to visit his shack, later telling the Tarnished that she has no need of him anymore, and must embark on her fated journey. The Tarnished may aid Millicent on her journey, even giving her a prosthetic arm . Doing so will earn them Gowry's good will, who will offer to teach them a rot incantation, and reveal to them his allegiance to Malenia. [ 8 ]
As Millicent travels to the Haligtree , where Malenia awaits, she draws ever closer to her "sisters", who made the same journey as her. Gowry bids the Tarnished to aid the sisters in murdering Millicent, believing that a betrayal by someone she trusts so dearly will cause her to blossom into a flower [ 9 ] , which will be reborn as a scarlet valkyrie when Malenia ascends to godhood.
Should the Tarnished kill Millicent, they will return to Gowry's shack to find him seemingly dead. Should they instead aid Millicent against her sisters, she will prevail, but will remove the golden needle, willfully allowing herself to succumb to the Scarlet Rot. [ 10 ] The Tarnished may then find Gowry lamenting Millicent's decision, questioning whether she and Malenia detests him and the other children of rot so utterly. [ 11 ]
If the Tarnished attempts to kill Gowry, his body will transform into that of a Kindred of Rot . Upon returning to his shack, he will once again resume his human form, revealing that he can inhabit other pests to avoid death. [ 12 ]
Caelid ( Sellia, Town of Sorcery ) Gowry can be found in his shack near the entrance to Sellia. He will request that you find an Unalloyed Gold Needle in the swamp and bring it to him in exchange for a secret about Sellia.
Gowry can be found in his shack near the entrance to Sellia. He will request that you find an Unalloyed Gold Needle in the swamp and bring it to him in exchange for a secret about Sellia.
Caelid (Swamp of Aeonia) Travel to the Swamp of Aeonia and defeat Commander O'Neil to obtain the Unalloyed Gold Needle.
Travel to the Swamp of Aeonia and defeat Commander O'Neil to obtain the Unalloyed Gold Needle.
Caelid (Sellia, Town of Sorcery) Give the Needle to Gowry. Reload the area and speak to him to obtain the repaired Needle.
Give the Needle to Gowry. Reload the area and speak to him to obtain the repaired Needle.
Caelid ( Church of the Plague ) Travel to the Church of the Plague and give Millicent the Unalloyed Gold Needle. If you immediately go back to Gowry after this point you can unlock additional dialogue and unlock his shop. Alternately, if you reload the area and speak to Millicent in the church once again, the next time you visit Gowry's Shack Gowry will be absent and Millicent will be there in his place.
Travel to the Church of the Plague and give Millicent the Unalloyed Gold Needle.
If you immediately go back to Gowry after this point you can unlock additional dialogue and unlock his shop. Alternately, if you reload the area and speak to Millicent in the church once again, the next time you visit Gowry's Shack Gowry will be absent and Millicent will be there in his place.
Caelid (Sellia, Town of Sorcery) (Optional) After giving Millicent the Valkyrie's Prosthesis, return to Gowry and speak to him again. He will now have Pest Threads in his shop inventory. Purchase the spell to unlock additional dialogue about Millicent and Malenia.
(Optional) After giving Millicent the Valkyrie's Prosthesis, return to Gowry and speak to him again. He will now have Pest Threads in his shop inventory. Purchase the spell to unlock additional dialogue about Millicent and Malenia.
Caelid (Sellia, Town of Sorcery) Once Millicent arrives in Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree , return to Gowry to hear additional dialogue. He will ask you help the sisters defeat Millicent.
Once Millicent arrives in Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree , return to Gowry to hear additional dialogue. He will ask you help the sisters defeat Millicent.
Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree Complete the final part of Millicent's questline, by using one of the summon signs to either aid Millicent or defeat her.
Complete the final part of Millicent's questline, by using one of the summon signs to either aid Millicent or defeat her.
Caelid (Sellia, Town of Sorcery) If you aided Millicent, Gowry will lament her decision to remove the Unalloyed Gold Needle. You may now permanently kill him to obtain the Flock's Canvas Talisman and Gowry's Bell Bearing. If you killed Millicent in Elphael, Gowry will already be dead, and the Flock's Canvas Talisman and Gowry's Bell Bearing can be looted from his corpse.
If you aided Millicent, Gowry will lament her decision to remove the Unalloyed Gold Needle

---

area: Caelid
chapter: 9
name: Gurranq Beast Clergyman
Gurranq, Beast Clergyman is an NPC in Elden Ring . Gurranq appears to be a large, hunched creature that lies isolated in the Bestial Sanctum. Constantly hungering for Deathroot , he will reward those who offer it to him.
See Gurranq, Beast Clergyman Lore
I won't forget... again... mine appetite... My sin...
Gurranq, Beast Clergyman can be found at the Bestial Sanctum in Dragonbarrow . [ Map link ] This location can be accessed via a waygate in Limgrave [ Map link ]
This NPC does not move.
Gurranq can be fought and killed
If defeated, drops: Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone .
Dialogue will not advance after the fourth deathroot unless you walk away or rest to trigger an event. The event must be triggered before dialogue continues if giving a single root at a time. Multiple deathroots at a time, or continuing before event trigger, skips lore dialogue. All rewards will be given after event resolution, if given more than one at a time.
The event must be triggered before dialogue continues if giving a single root at a time.
Multiple deathroots at a time, or continuing before event trigger, skips lore dialogue.
All rewards will be given after event resolution, if given more than one at a time.
Players should go to Summonwater Village and defeat the Tibia Mariner there, then return to D at the Roundtable Hold to continue his quest. He will give you directions to go to the Bestial Sanctum in Caelid . You can teleport straight there without having to explore by using the waygate in East Limgrave . [ Map link ] Be wary of the enemies, as they are much stronger due to being in a higher level area.
After the fourth Deathroot , he will become hostile towards you, you will have to bring his HP down until he stops attacking, then you can speak with him, reset the area, and use the fifth Deathroot for the Beast Claw Incantation . If you gave Gurranq the fifth Deathroot before he went aggressive, he will immediately give you the Beast Claw Incantation upon speaking to him after subduing him.
You can also choose to not talk to him after he stops attacking and kill him instead. This will make him drop the Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone without completing his quest.
A tip for those who are finding this difficult: if you can aggro and bait the Black Blade Kindred just outside to use its sword wave attack, it can deal enough damage to de-aggro Gurranq.
You can also bait him at the entrance (he can hit you through the gates and walls), back away far enough and use Night Maiden's Mist (charged for extra radius) to slowly whittle down his HP. Do note that he will remain aggressive until you reset the area.
If you have a summon that can inflict rot or poison, such as a Rotten Stray Ashes or Spirit Jellyfish Ashes , you can poison Gurranq and wait outside while the damage ticks. It will eventually reach the threshold to break the Beast Clergyman out of his rage and return him to normal. Teleport out and back to find him in his normal spot. (If he isn't there, check to the east of the Bestial Sanctum )
Frost is another easy option. Two frost pots should proc it and immediately calm him down.
The absorption numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if an absorption is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% is absorbed. Bigger number = less damage. An absorption of 100 means no damage goes through, and a resistance of -100 means the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Death Blight : Immune
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of whatever aux buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs.
"..." (grunting, snarling)
"...I smell it... Death... Feed it me..."
"Tarnished... bring more... Death. I shall grant thee... eye... and claw. Feed me... more."
Second and Third Deathroot
"More... I am not sated... Feed me more... Death."
"Strange, there's something else. But the death, yet quenches. Bring more."
(if you feed the fifth Deathroot before you rest or leave to trigger him going aggressive, you get this message)
"More... I am not... sated... Feed me more... Death"
Upon dealing enough damage after feeding the fourth Deathroot
"Put it away. I won't forget... again... mine appetite... My sin... So please.... Enough."
"My thanks Tarnished.... Death... My sin... Should not be touched by the hand of man... I shall grant thee... my claws... Feed me... more..."
Sixth, seventh and eighth Deathroot
"I won't forget... again.... mine appetite... My sin... I must have more... I must consume more..."
"It is... it is all... consumed. Still., I am not sated... Not nearly sated..."
"Marika... Is this... what it is... to sin?" "Will things... never be the same... again?"
"Tarnished... my thanks... for thy... long labor. But I have done... all I can... in this land. Henceforth, mine appetite shall be my sole companion. Farewell."
"More... I am not Sated."
"Bring me more Death."
When he kills the player
I must consume more...
Marika...why...wouldst thou...gull me? Why...shatter...
Long ago, Gurranq was a beast of such terrifying ferocity that his former name meant "Death of the Demigods."
At night, Gurranq can be found to the right side of the sanctum, howling at the sky. Talking to him when he does this does not grant new dialogue.
A total of nine Deathroot can be given to him to finish his questline. Once all nine Deathroot have been given to him, he will tell the player that, despite their hard work, his hunger is still not satiated and that he will go on hunt them down alone. He will then vanish, giving the player an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone . Alternatively, once you have given him the eighth Deathroot, you can kill him instead for the Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone , allowing you to skip the ninth Deathroot.
Once all nine Deathroot have been given to him, he will tell the player that, despite their hard work, his hunger is still not satiated and that he will go on hunt them down alone. He will then vanish, giving the player an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone .
Alternatively, once you have given him the eighth Deathroot, you can kill him instead for the Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone , allowing you to skip the ninth Deathroot.
Superior incantation taught by Gurranq, the Beast Clergyman. Hurls a boulder before the caster. This incantation can be cast repeatedly. Long ago, Gurranq was a beast of such terrifying ferocity that his former name meant "Death of the Demigods."
A source that gives rise to Those Who Live in Death.
The beast clergyman, found at Bestial Sanctum in the distant east, collects and devours these roots.
On the night of the dire plot the stolen Rune of Death enabled the first Death of a demigod. Later, the Rune of Death spread across the Lands Between through the underground roots of the Greattree, sprouting in the form of Deathroot.
Remembrance of Maliketh, the Black Blade, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Maliketh was a shadowbound beast given to his Empyrean. Marika's sole need of her shadow was a vessel to lock away Destined Death. Even then, she betrayed him.
If you're inclined to hunt more of Those Who Live in Death, and weed their Deathroot, then I'll introduce you to Gurranq, the beast clergyman. I have a matter of my own to attend to. And the beast himself wishes for someone to take my place.
Ah, a Tarnished, are you? With a prowess for weeding Deathroot.
Cower. Before Maliketh, the Black Blade.
Death... My sin... Should not be touched...by the hand of man...
Gurranq, Beast Clergyman is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Gurranq is a hulking, bestial clergyman who resides in the Bestial Sanctum in north-eastern Caelid . Long ago, his terrifying ferocity earned him the name "Death of the Demigods. [ 1 ] Presently, he seeks Deathroot , a product of the Rune of Death which spread through the Lands Between following the murder of Godwyn the Golden on the Night of Black Knives . [ 2 ] Gurranq consumes Deathroot, although it does not appear to sate him. [ 3 ]
Gurranq was assisted in his eradication of the Deathroot by D, Hunter of the Dead , a hunter of Those Who Live in Death . [ 4 ] However, D passes this duty onto a Tarnished after noticing their prowess for weeding Deathroot. [ 5 ] The Tarnished brings the Deathroot they find throughout the world to Gurranq, and is given access to bestial incantations in exchange. [ 6 ] Once they have fed Gurranq all the Deathroot they can find, Gurranq leaves the sanctum. Although still not sated, he realises that he can do no more, and that his appetite will be his sole companion. [ 7 ]
When the Tarnished travels to Crumbling Farum Azula to claim the Rune of Death, they encounter Gurranq once more. If the Tarnished had given Gurraq all the Deathroots, he is saddened by his friend's betrayal, but nonetheless attacks the Tarnished to protect the Rune of Death from them. Gurraq is overwhelmed, forcing him to use the Rune of Death to empower himself and reveal his true form as Maliketh, the Black Blade , [ 8 ] shadowbound beast of Queen Marika the Eternal . [ 9 ] The Tarnished defeats Maliketh, and unleashes the Rune of Death.
(Optional) Speak to D, Hunter of the Dead, after obtaining a Deathroot and he will advise you to visit Gurranq. This can either be done at the start of D's questline in Limgrave , or in Roundtable Hold .
Travel to the Bestial Sanctum at the north-eastern point of Caelid. The sending gate marked on your map by D if you showed him a Deathroot will lead you straight there. Speak to Gurranq. If you have at least one Deathroot, Gurranq will give you a Clawmark Seal and Beast Eye. The Beast Eye will notify you whenever you are close to another Deathroot.
Hand over each Deathroot you find to Gurranq in exchange for rewards. After you have given him four Deathroot, reload the area and Gurranq will attack you. After depleting 30% of Gurranq's health, he will be subdued- speak to him and reload the area so that he returns to his original position.
After giving him the ninth Deathroot, he will give you an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone before disappearing.
Gurranq will reappear at the end of Crumbling Farum Azula, under the name Beast Clergyman. After reducing his health to 50% he will enter phase 2, under the name Maliketh, the Black Blade. Maliketh can be fought before completing Gurranq's questline. Doing so will not affect the questline, and Gurranq will remain in the Bestail Sanctum even after Maliketh has been defeated. Likewise, killing Gurranq in the Bestial Sanctum will not affect the fight against Maliketh. Maliketh will have unique dialogue if you complete Gurranq's questline before fighting him in Crumbling Farum Azula.
Maliketh can be fought before completing Gurranq's questline. Doing so will not affect the questline, and Gurranq will remain in the Bestail Sanctum even after Maliketh has been defeated. Likewise, killing Gurranq in the Bestial Sanctum will not affect the fight against Maliketh.
Maliketh will have unique dialogue if you complete Gurranq's questline before fighting him in Crumbling Farum Azula.
The weapon Gurranq uses is a Cinquedea .
Gurranq can occasionally be found outside the Bestial Sanctum at night, howling in the direction of the Erdtree .
Gurranq, Beast Clergyman

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Roderika
Roderika (also called Roderika, Spirit Tuner) is a Tarnished NPC in Elden Ring . Roderika is a spirit-tuner that you will encounter at Stormhill Shack on the trail to Stormveil. She will later move to the Roundtable Hold if you progress her quest.
Everyone who came with me. They crossed the sea for me. They fought, for me. Heh... Only to have their arms taken. Their legs taken. Even their heads...taken. Taken and stuck to the spider.
Roderika can be found in multiple locations:
Roderika is first found at Stormhill Shack [ Map Link ] as an NPC called Heartbroken Maiden, and she gives you the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes.
Moves to Roundtable Hold after giving her the Chrysalids' Memento OR resting at any site of grace in the Liurnia of the Lakes region. The earliest possible trigger for acquiring Roderika's Golden Seed is resting at the Lake-Facing Cliffs grace.
If you talk several times to Roderika while she is found on Stormhill Shack , you will obtain Sitting Sideways pose and then she will give you the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes .
Deliver her message and return with a Chrystalids' Memento found on a pile of corpses within Rampart Tower. She will still be at the shack. The next time you meet Roderika will be at the Roundtable Hold . Meet her there to obtain a Golden Seed .
She can be found later again in Roundtable Hold as a Spirit Tuner where she is not wearing her riding hood anymore, provided that you have given her the Chrysalids' Memento and have spoken to Smithing Master Hewg . If you missed Roderika at the Stormhill Shack , when she appears at the Roundtable Hold , chose the "About Roderika" option from Smithing Master Hewg's dialogue options and continue the quest as normal. If you go around Margit and acquire the Lake-Facing Cliffs Grace early, it will auto complete the quest up to this point early and not require you to go get the Chrysalids' Memento .  This may be a bug.
If you missed Roderika at the Stormhill Shack , when she appears at the Roundtable Hold , chose the "About Roderika" option from Smithing Master Hewg's dialogue options and continue the quest as normal.
If you go around Margit and acquire the Lake-Facing Cliffs Grace early, it will auto complete the quest up to this point early and not require you to go get the Chrysalids' Memento .  This may be a bug.
Initially, you'll find Roderika standing next to the fireplace when she moves to the Roundtable Hold . Make sure to speak to her and exhaust her dialogues to acquire x1 Golden Seed as a reward for giving her the memento. If you did not give her the Chrysalids' Memento prior to her appearing at Roundtable Hold, you can still aquire the Golden Seed by visiting Stormhill Shack and looting it from where she once laid.
If you did not give her the Chrysalids' Memento prior to her appearing at Roundtable Hold, you can still aquire the Golden Seed by visiting Stormhill Shack and looting it from where she once laid.
For Roderika to become an apprentice Spirit Tuner, you must speak to Smithing Master Hewg about Roderika, tell Roderika about what Hewg mentioned, and then speak to Hewg again , to convince him that Roderika wishes to learn more about her gift. If you missed Roderika at the Stormhill Shack, choose the "Please" dialogue option to receive the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes .
If you missed Roderika at the Stormhill Shack, choose the "Please" dialogue option to receive the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes .
After doing so, leave the hub and then return at any time, and you can find Roderika in the same room where Smithing Master Hewg is, on the left side, sitting on the floor.
Moving forward, if you speak to her, Roderika can now upgrade your Spirit Ashes with the skill of Spirit Tuning, provided you have the required Runes and Glovewort Items . From this point, once you've leveled up any spirit ashes to +4 (doesn't matter if the ashes are special or not), you can choose to Talk to her. Doing so will give you extra dialogue, in which she proclaims that she is no longer an apprentice, and gives you the Curtsy gesture .
From this point, once you've leveled up any spirit ashes to +4 (doesn't matter if the ashes are special or not), you can choose to Talk to her. Doing so will give you extra dialogue, in which she proclaims that she is no longer an apprentice, and gives you the Curtsy gesture .
The Crimson Hood that she wore can can be obtained where you found the Chrysalids' Memento if you return to that location after completing the Questline.
(Warning: spoiler for major other events concerning your own character) After you burn the Erdtree, she moves to the fire place in the round table. She asks you to speak to Smithing Master Hewg and try to convince him to leave the roundtable.
Tip : Talk to her several times when you find her at Stormhill Shack until she gives you the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes .
"Everyone's...been grafted. Everyone who came with me. They crossed the sea for me. They fought, for me. Heh... Only to have their arms taken. Their legs taken. Even their heads...taken. Taken and stuck to the spider. Did you know? If you're grafted by the spider, you become a chrysalid. It's quite the lark, when you think about it."
When visiting at Stormhill Shack
"You're all on your own, are you? And heading to Stormveil Castle? Enticed by the one in the white mask, I suppose. Oh, you've come to be one with the spider? Well, that makes us two peas in a pod. But I don't have your courage. It's scary, you know. Having your arms cut off. Or legs. Or your head. I want to be like everyone else, but I'm just too scared. I'm nothing but a craven."
"Oh, I know. Can you take this little one along with you?" [Gives you the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes] "The poor thing deserves someone braver than myself... And the spirits look rather fondly upon you. It'll be glad of your company, I think, the little'un".
"It was a pleasure to see you. Oh, can you pass on a message for me, if you see the little chrysalids in Stormveil Castle? Tell them I love them. And that, despite my craven heart, I'm sure I'll be joining their club soon enough. I'm finally getting the hang of this whole "pain" thing, you know."
"A pleasure to see you. Did you give the little chrysalids the message? That I love them. And that, despite my craven heart, I'm sure I'll be joining their club soon enough".
Upon receiving Chrysalids' Memento
"What's this? A keepsake? From my men? Oh, goodness me... I can't... They all...believed in me. They all thought I'd make something of myself. Me! Who can't do anything... I think I'll head to the Roundtable Hold. Perhaps I'll find my purpose there".
Upon attacking / rolling / jumping
"You're willing to make me a chrysalid? Ah, but I'm still a milksop craven... I can't even govern myself to step beyond the bounds of this ward. Please. You're only wasting your strength."
"I know you you must feel. But please, I'm not ready. Or are you like me? You're so far out of your mind with fear? You've divested yourself of all reason?"
"Please stop. Even if you persist, your fear will not abate."
At Roundtable Hold if previously met
"Greetings. Nice to see you again. My name is Roderika. I should have told you sooner. Isn't this place impressive, though? The Roundtable Hold, covert quarters of the Two Fingers, and gathering place of champions who vie to become Elden Lord. I never knew the guidance bestowed upon us Tarnished had such fantastic roots. Although, it's all a bit much for me, in truth. I'm still looking for my own purpose" .
If previously given the Chrysalids' Memento
"Oh, and... Please, allow to me to express my thanks. For giving me that keepsake from my men. It was as if I was frozen with self-pity. I failed them at every turn. You have my gratitude. Please, take this" . [Gives you x1 Golden Seed]
It's all a bit much for me, in truth. I'm still looking for my own purpose.
At Roundtable Hold if not previously met
A pleasure to meet you. My name is Roderika. I'm a recent arrival. Isn't this place impressive? The Roundtable Hold, covert quarters of the Two Fingers, and gathering place of champions who vie to become Elden Lord. I never knew the guidance bestowed upon us Tarnished had such fantastic roots. Although, it's all a bit much for me, in truth. I'm still looking for my own purpose.
After asking Smithing Master Hewg about her
"A pleasure to see you. Thank goodness you're safe. I'm still looking for my own purpose. It's not easy, by any means, but it's what I must do."
(Tell her what the blacksmith said) "You're telling me I possess some kind of gift? I don't believe you. But... If I do have this talent, and goodness knows it would be my first... I suppose I should try to hone it. Shouldn't I? I'll ask Master Hewg to teach me. Certainly, he does appear intimidating, and holds no love for us Tarnished... But I know he's trapped here, at the Roundtable Hold... So... I can tell. He's a gentle soul, underneath it all".
"If I do have a talent for spirit tuning, and goodness knows that would be a surprise... I suppose I should try to hone it. Shouldn't I? I'll ask Master Hewg to teach me".
Next visit after asking Smithing Master Hewg to take care of her
"Good to see you again. Thank you very much! I have you to thank, don't I? For persuading Master Hewg? I can happily announce that he has taught me the noble toil of spirit tuning. I'm as yet unsure of what I might be able to accomplish, but if I might be any help to you all, I'd certainly like to try. And if there's an chance to ease the suffering of my dear men who were grafted.. Well, I certainly must try. Roderika the spirit tuner prentice. Pleased to make your acquaintance".
Please (only available if you didn't receive the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes in Stormhill)
"I'd like to ask you a small favour. Can you take this little one along with you? They can't be summoned here. But the spirits look rather fondly upon you. It'll be glad of your company, I think, the little'un." [Gives you Spirit Jellyfish Ashes ]
After a upgrading a Spirit Ash to +4
"I feel like I'm really coming to grips with spirit tuning of late. I can see how and why immortal essence exists as spirit under the Golden Order. I can understand their yearnings, what they become drawn to... Master Hewg said it himself, actually, that I'm no mere prentice any longer Once again, I'm pleased to make your acquaintance. Roderika the certified spirit tuner". [Receives curtsy gesture]
When visiting at Roundtable Hold
"Greetings. Are you here for spirit tuning?"
There's something you should know (the first time Dung Eater visits the Roundtable Hold)
"A little while ago someone started lurking in the wing on the opposite side of the roundtable. And I can hear, from all the way over there... The howling and wailing of spirits in fear of a curse. I can ever hear the repulsive, twisted malison itself... A plethora of spirits in an unceasing cacophony... I can't even imagine. How much suffering, inflicted to who knows how many souls... You should keep your distance, I know you're strong, but please."
About the spirits' voices (after Dung Eater leaves the Roundtable Hold)
"I can't hear them any more; the voices of the spirits cowering from the curse... I suppose the Dung Eater must have left the Roundtable. I just pray nothing ill comes of this."
Please take care (when Dung eater comes back to the Roundtable Hold)
"He's back. The Dung Eater. Again. I can hear them; the spirits as they howl and lament in fear of the curse. And worse than ever, the reverberation of the twisted malison itself. But after all this time, I've started to grasp it now. I can hear, in the malison, another fearsome Order."
About the spirits' voices (after Dung Eater's quest ends and he leaves the Roundtable Hold for a second time)
"The voices of the tormented spirits are silent again.. But it isn't like last time. I'm almost certain...the spirits have escaped their confinement. Did you...have anything to do with it, I wonder?"
§ After burning the Erdtree
"Take a look around. The Roundtable Hold is burned. Razed to the ground. Don't worry, I don't blame you. I'll continue sprit tuning just the same as before. Which is why I need your help persuading Master Hewg to leave. His roots are so knotted in this place. He won't last much longer if he stays here... His shackles are broken. He's a free man, now. It's high time he put the Roundtable behind him"
Next visit after speaking to Smithing Master Hewg
"Oh, is that right... So Master Hewg won't listen to you, either. You have my thanks, regardless. I'll try and talk him round next time. I know he was given this great entreaty; to craft a weapon which could slay a god. Though I can't help but think of it as a curse. A fearsome curse, put on him by Queen Marika. And if that's the case, I'm not sure there's anything we can do"
§ After completing Crumbling Farum Azula and speaking to Hewg
"Ah. So it wasn't just me this happened to... To think he'd forget who you were, as well. I knew he'd burn himself out, old Hewg. I think we could talk him into leaving the Roundtable Hold, now. But maybe it's better that we don't. It's only proper that we respect his choice to stay."
"I'll remain with Hewg. He made me who I am today. I'd like to return the kindness, in whatever small way I can."
"Please, become Elden Lord. Hewg was always saying that you were a Lord, to him. So slay her, with the weapons he smithed. Slay the god, Marika, who cursed us all."
Even if you miss the Chrysalids' Memento, it's still possible to fully complete her questline without drawbacks. Simply proceed with the rest of the questline as normal. If she's not available in Roundtable Hold, simply check back at Stormveil Shack every once in a while and see if she's still there or not. If she's no longer there, then you can push forward her questline regardless of the Chrysalids' Memento.
Leveling any spirit ashes to +4 (doesn't matter if the ashes are special or not), will give you a Talk option, where she proclaims that she is no longer an apprentice, and gives you the Curtsy gesture .
A golden barrier is protecting her at her first location if rolling, jumping or attacking (near) her.
Skipping Stormveil Castle by using the side path to go around and resting at a site of grace in Liurnia of the Lakes will cause Roderika to go to the Roundtable Hold preemptively.
Hewg describes her as crestfallen, which is applicable to a reoccurring archetype of characters in recent Fromsoftware titles. These include the Crestfallen Warrior in Demon's Souls and in Dark Souls , Crestfallen Saulden in Dark Souls 2 , and Hawkwood the Deserter in Dark Souls 3 .
A hooded cloak of vivid crimson. Worn by expatriated royalty. Increases vigor.
Such cloaks were gifted to those who departed on journeys without specific orders, to faraway lands from which they would never return. In other words, the gift of a cloak made it easier for undesirables to be on their way.
Roderika never once saw the guidance of grace.
Traveling attire fashioned from metallic white silk thread. Worn by expatriated royalty.
A gift of such rare beauty, a royal wouldn't disgrace their illustrious heritage even if found dead, in a ditch, in the middle of nowhere, while wearing such splendid raiment.
Memento left by the chrysalids sacrificed for grafting. A brooch wrapped in red velvet. Traces of blood are visible.
Faintly visible spirits try to convey something, but their voices cannot be heard.
White flower that blooms in catacombs. Each a soundless bell used to summon spirits.
Strengthens ashes to +1.
The art of strengthening ashes is known as spirit tuning. Only a spirit tuner may perform this deed.
Strengthens ashes to +2.
Spirit tuning is not merely the simple act of imbuing strength. It is an art that lies somewhere between tuning an instrument and conducting a conversation, leaving both parties enriched.
White flower that blooms in catacombs. A spirit nestles close to this grand specimen.
Strengthens renowned ashes to +10.
Since times of old, large gloveworts were used to comfort heroic spirits. Given in tribute to those who died the most glorious of deaths, in the hope their stories would become legend.
The girl you brought here... She's crestfallen, and can scarcely swing a blade, but she has a gift for spirit tuning. I saw another one like her, long ago. Their eyes share the same hue.
The girl has come a long way. As ever, time and technique have made her stronger. Tis good to see. An imprisoned monster does not deserve an apprentice, or a daughter. But at times, that's precisely what she feels like to me. I've gone soft. And it isn't easy.
I've upset the girl. She says that now my chains are broken, I'm free. That if I stay here, I will be ruined with the Roundtable. What use have I for freedom now? I smith weapons to slay a god. I have lived, and will die, doing so, upon this spot. Is there any other way?
Use my masterpiece to slay a god. That is all that I have lived for. And my promise to Q-queen Marika. But do me a favor, and do look after the girl.
Why does that girl weep for me? Have I forgotten something of dire importance?
Roderika the spirit tuner prentice. Pleased to make your acquaintance.
- Roderika, Spirit Tuner
Roderika, Spirit Tuner is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Services 2.1 Spirit Tuning
3 Character Information 3.1 Equipment 3.2 Quest Items
4 Questline Progression
A Tarnished [ 1 ] noblewoman who, despite having never seen the guidance of grace [ 2 ] , travelled to the Lands Between along with her companions. After arriving, those companions fell victim to Godrick , becoming subjects for his grafting. [ 3 ] Roderika alone survived, taking refuge in Stormhill Shack . It is here that she meets the Tarnished . She beseeches the Tarnished to bring a message to her grafted companions, whom she refers to as chrysalids, assuring them that she loves them and will join them soon. [ 4 ]
Roderika then heads to Roundtable Hold . Here, she becomes acquainted with Smithing Master Hewg , who takes notice of her gift for spirit tuning and is reminded of a spirit tuner he knew long ago, whose eyes were of the same hue as Roderika's. [ 5 ] Reluctantly, Hewg agrees to teach Roderika everything he knows about spirit tuning.
Roderika remains at Roundtable Hold, where she hones her newfound talent and eventually becomes a fully-fledged spirit tuner. [ 6 ] Her ability to sense spirits allows her to notice the Dung Eater's presence, which she warns the Tarnished about. [ 7 ]
After the Erdtree burns, Roderika attempts to convince Hewg to leave Roundtable [ 8 ] , but to no avail. She chooses to respect Hewg's decision, and remains behind with him even after he forgets her. [ 9 ] As the hold burns, she begs the Tarnished to become Elden Lord, and to use the weapons Hewg forged to slay Queen Marika the Eternal . [ 10 ]
Roderika can upgrade Spirit Ashes using Grave Glovewort and Ghost Glovewort .
When she is at the Stormhill Shack she is protected by a golden barrier that renders her completely immune to damage and status effects.
(Optional) Stormhill Shack Roderika can be found in Stormhill Shack, provided you have not defeated Godrick the Grafted or touched a Site of Grace in Liurnia of the Lakes . Exhaust her dialogue to obtain both the "Sitting Sideways" Gesture and Spirit Jellyfish Ashes. In an adjoining room to the large hall containing a Grafted Scion in Stormveil Castle, pick up the Chrysalid's Memento. Bring this back to Roderika in Stormhill Shack and exhaust her dialogue to get her to move to Roundtable Hold, and to obtain a Golden Seed once she arrives. If you defeat Godrick or rest at a Site of Grace in Liurnia without speaking to Roderika in Stormhill Shack, she will move to Roundtable Hold on her own, and will leave the Golden Seed on the ground in the shack.
Roderika can be found in Stormhill Shack, provided you have not defeated Godrick the Grafted or touched a Site of Grace in Liurnia of the Lakes . Exhaust her dialogue to obtain both the "Sitting Sideways" Gesture and Spirit Jellyfish Ashes.
In an adjoining room to the large hall containing a Grafted Scion in Stormveil Castle, pick up the Chrysalid's Memento. Bring this back to Roderika in Stormhill Shack and exhaust her dialogue to get her to move to Roundtable Hold, and to obtain a Golden Seed once she arrives.
If you defeat Godrick or rest at a Site of Grace in Liurnia without speaking to Roderika in Stormhill Shack, she will move to Roundtable Hold on her own, and will leave the Golden Seed on the ground in the shack.
Roundtable Hold Roderika can be found by the fireplace in the central room. Speak to her, and then speak to Smithing Master Hewg and select "About Roderika".
Roderika can be found by the fireplace in the central room. Speak to her, and then speak to Smithing Master Hewg and select "About Roderika".
Roundtable Hold Return to Roderika and speak to her to tell her what Hewg said.
Return to Roderika and speak to her to tell her what Hewg said.
Roundtable Hold Return to Hewg and select "About Roderika" again, followed by "Would you watch over Roderika?" and finally "It's what she wants".
Return to Hewg and select "About Roderika" again, followed by "Would you watch over Roderika?" and finally "It's what she wants".
Roundtable Hold Reload the area and Roderika will be sitting opposite Hewg. It is now possible to upgrade Spirit Ashes by speaking to her.
Reload the area and Roderika will be sitting opposite Hewg. It is now possible to upgrade Spirit Ashes by speaking to her.
Roundtable Hold Upgrade a Spirit Ash to at least +4 and talk to her to receive the "Curtsy" Gesture.
Upgrade a Spirit Ash to at least +4 and talk to her to receive the "Curtsy" Gesture.
Roundtable Hold After burning the Erdtree, return to the Roundtable Hold, speak to Hewg, and select "Let's talk a while". You may then select the dialogue option "Why are you still making weapons?" After talking to Roderika and selecting "About Hewg", return to Hewg and select "What happened to her?"
After burning the Erdtree, return to the Roundtable Hold, speak to Hewg, and select "Let's talk a while". You may then select the dialogue option "Why are you still making weapons?" After talking to Roderika and selecting "About Hewg", return to Hewg and select "What happened to her?"
Roundtable Hold After defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade , speak to Hewg and select "About yourself", and then speak to Roderika.
After defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade , speak to Hewg and select "About yourself", and then speak to Roderika.
After becoming a Spirit Tuner, Roderika will no longer wear her hood. The Crimson Hood will be in Stormveil Castle, on top of the pile of corpses where the Chrysalid's Memento was.
The Crimson Hood 's description suggests that Roderika was royalty in her native land, sent to Lands Between without specific orders to get rid of her.
Roderika without her hood, after becoming a Spirit Tuner.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Rogier
Sorcerer Rogier is a Tarnished NPC in Elden Ring . Rogier is a spellblade acquainted with D and Fia , and seeks to discover the truth behind the Night of the Black Knives . He acts a merchant, selling Ashes of War relating to the Magic Affinity, as well as being a Quest NPC himself. He is also available as an NPC Summon .
See Sorcerer Rogier Lore
The pleasure's mine. Rogier's the name. A sorcerer, as you might have guessed.
Rogier can initially be found in Stormveil Castle by the altar of the Chapel in the northwest section. [ Map Link ]
Rogier presents himself and seems pretty friendly. He tells you that he is a Sorcerer and he is looking for something in the castle. He's also available as a NPC cooperator against Margit, the Fell Omen without needing to meet him first.
Rogier also acts as a Merchant , selling Ashes of War .
Locate Sorcerer Rogier in Stormveil Castle by the altar of the Chapel in the northwest section [ Map Link ]. (Note: This must be done before defeating Godrick.)
After defeating Godrick he will move to Roundtable Hold , on the balcony that overlooks the entrance hall. He gives you a Rogier's Rapier +8 that comes with Ash of War: Glintblade Phalanx . (Note: You will be unable to progress Rogier's questline if you speak to Ranni at the Three Sisters in the northwest of Liurnia before finishing this questline.)
Defeat the Tree Spirit below Stormveil Castle From the Secluded Cell, head straight into the courtyard with Jars. Jump onto the eastern ledge from the wooden platform, follow it to a window, then go through the doorway on the right. You will now be above the Jars. Continue through the room to find Rogier's Letter . Drop down a few ledges and through a door to enter another courtyard. Proceed forward and open the door to create a shortcut from the Liftside Chamber Site of Grace. To reach the area beneath Stormveil Castle , start from the Liftside Chamber Site of Grace [ Map Link ]. Exit to the courtyard, turn right, and then double back to approach a ledge with a corpse. Jump down to the buttresses, then to the wooden scaffolding, and finally to the ground. Defeat the Lesser Ulcerated Tree Spirit . Continue to find an ancient, rotting face with a bloodstain in front of it. Activate the bloodstain to view a memory. If the bloodstain is not visible, talk to Rogier in Stormveil Castle or defeat Godrick first.
From the Secluded Cell, head straight into the courtyard with Jars. Jump onto the eastern ledge from the wooden platform, follow it to a window, then go through the doorway on the right. You will now be above the Jars. Continue through the room to find Rogier's Letter .
Drop down a few ledges and through a door to enter another courtyard. Proceed forward and open the door to create a shortcut from the Liftside Chamber Site of Grace.
To reach the area beneath Stormveil Castle , start from the Liftside Chamber Site of Grace [ Map Link ]. Exit to the courtyard, turn right, and then double back to approach a ledge with a corpse. Jump down to the buttresses, then to the wooden scaffolding, and finally to the ground.
Defeat the Lesser Ulcerated Tree Spirit . Continue to find an ancient, rotting face with a bloodstain in front of it. Activate the bloodstain to view a memory.
If the bloodstain is not visible, talk to Rogier in Stormveil Castle or defeat Godrick first.
Return to the Roundtable Hold , where Rogier can now be found, and ask Rogier about the face. He will explain: "That is a sacred relic. Of the black knives plot."
Talk to Fia and allow her to hold the Tarnished. Exhaust the dialogue options along the lines of "Talk in secret", "Did you know?" and "About the Black Knifeprint" to get Knifeprint Clue that reveals the location of a Black Knife Catacombs [ Map link ] where a Black Knifeprint can be found. This step can be skipped by getting the Knifeprint without the map.
Obtain the Black Knifeprint. The Black Knifeprint is hidden behind an illusory wall in the room before dropping down to a flooded pit with levers. Defeat the Black Knife Assassin to obtain it. Return the Black Knifeprint to Rogier. On reloading the area he will send you looking for Ranni, who can be found at the Three Sisters in the North West of Liurnia.
The Black Knifeprint is hidden behind an illusory wall in the room before dropping down to a flooded pit with levers. Defeat the Black Knife Assassin to obtain it. Return the Black Knifeprint to Rogier. On reloading the area he will send you looking for Ranni, who can be found at the Three Sisters in the North West of Liurnia.
Speak to Ranni in Liurnia. Upon talking to Ranni she effectively tells the player to leave. Notifying Rogier of this development results in Rogier recommending the player become one of Ranni's Vassals to get more information from her. Rogier sends the player back to talk to Ranni again.
Upon talking to Ranni she effectively tells the player to leave. Notifying Rogier of this development results in Rogier recommending the player become one of Ranni's Vassals to get more information from her. Rogier sends the player back to talk to Ranni again.
Progress Ranni's questline while checking in with Rogier. Ranni will now allow the player to become one of her vassals and begin her questline. Returning to Rogier results in him warning the player that he is worried he will fall into a deep slumber - he is on the brink. Resting at the site of grace will in fact show that now he has fallen into the slumber he spoke of. Later on, after resting a couple of times, and/or progressing through the story, he will die, leaving behind his Bell Bearing , set , his rapier if you didn't get it before, and a letter revealing the existence of D's younger brother and his whereabouts. His body and chair will mysteriously disappear on a subsequent visit. Notes: after 8.1, teleporting instantly back to the Hold or even back from elsewhere seems to result in having Rogier still unconscious, but it appears a quick way to have Rogier's death and lootable items is to activate a new Site of Grace; tested in a few different runs and with different Sites of Grace
Ranni will now allow the player to become one of her vassals and begin her questline. Returning to Rogier results in him warning the player that he is worried he will fall into a deep slumber - he is on the brink. Resting at the site of grace will in fact show that now he has fallen into the slumber he spoke of.
Later on, after resting a couple of times, and/or progressing through the story, he will die, leaving behind his Bell Bearing , set , his rapier if you didn't get it before, and a letter revealing the existence of D's younger brother and his whereabouts. His body and chair will mysteriously disappear on a subsequent visit. Notes: after 8.1, teleporting instantly back to the Hold or even back from elsewhere seems to result in having Rogier still unconscious, but it appears a quick way to have Rogier's death and lootable items is to activate a new Site of Grace; tested in a few different runs and with different Sites of Grace
Ah, nice to meet you. The pleasure's mine. Rogier's the name. A sorcerer, as you might have guessed. I'm looking for a little something, here in the castle. When I'm not hotfooting it from the troops, that is. But enough about me, what are you doing here in Stormveil Castle? This place is bristling with Tarnished hunters, you know. They sacrifice our kind, for grafting. Not exactly a place I'd stroll into without a purpose in mind...
I'm here to defeat Godrick
You can see it then, I take it? The guidance of grace. Well, enjoy it while you can. I'm Tarnished, like you. But unlike you, I've seen neither hide nor hair of this guidance for the longest time. Still, I won't forget how it felt when I first came here, to the Lands Between. I'm privy to a few magical battle arts. Would you care to learn one? As a fellow Tarnished, once guided by grace, I'd love to help you out, if it please.
Talk (after buying one of his skills)
The battle art you've learned is of the glintstone family. They were conceived at the great Academy of Raya Lucaria, to the north of this castle. In the past, they obeyed laws which contravened the Golden Order, or so I'm told. Fascinating, isn't it? That the Golden Order was pliable enough to absorb practices that contradicted itself in the past. With the Order broken, twisted, and in need of repair, such adaptability is more important now than ever.
Ah, we meet again after all. I apologize for any offence given by my bearing, but I'm quite unable to move, you see. So. What do you need?
Introduction at the Roundtable Hold, if not spoken to at Stormveil
Pleased to meet you. The name's Rogier. A sorcerer, by trade. But now I'm in this sorry state. I had a little mishap, and now I can't move. As you might guess, it's far from ideal.
Ah, I know. I'm privy to a few magical battle arts. Would you care to learn one? Time can move rather slowly, stuck here, you know. A little conversation goes a long way.
I've defeated Godrick
Ah, you defeated Godrick and claimed yourself a Great Rune. Mm, looks like we both got what we wanted out of Stormveil, didn't we. Well done, friend. Something to mark the occasion. Go on, take it. [Gives you Rogier's Rapier ] As you might've guessed, I still can't move. My fighting days are behind me. No need to be polite, I've no use for it anymore.
§ About the corpse under Stormveil
The misshapen corpse under Stormveil? That is a sacred relic. Of the black knives plot. As that famed night of assassination is known. It happened during the Golden Age of the Erdtree, long before the shattering of the Elden Ring. Someone stole a fragment of the Rune of Death from Maliketh, the Black Blade. And on a bitter night, murdered Godwyn the Golden. That was the first recorded Death of a demigod in all history. And it became the catalyst. Soon, the Elden Ring was smashed, and thus sprang forth the war known as the Shattering. I once wished to become a scholar, you see. I've spent many an hour scouring the archives for knowledge of that fateful plot. The world has grown crooked, and if you intend to put it to rights, you'd better understand what happened to make it this way, mm? And...that thing is to blame for the shape I'm in now... I urge the utmost caution. Don't disturb the corpse more than necessary...
§ Giving him the Black Knifeprint
This...is a black knifeprint! I can scarcely believe you managed to get your hands on this! You recall our conversation about the Night of the Black Knives, yes? They say the assassins who carried out the deed were scions of the Eternal City. A group entirely of women, arrayed in armour of silver under cloaks which fooled the eye. The knives they wielded though, were imparted with the power of the Rune of Death through sinister rite. Please, I beg of you, lend me the knifeprint for a time. I'd love nothing more than to tease out its secrets. Though only a fragment, a very specific ritual had to be performed to impart the power of the Rune of Death. Traces of the one who performed the rite are sure to remain in the imprint... Half my body has been suffused with Death. I'm certain it will help me see.
Ahh, hello. I was hoping to see you. My examination is complete. Here's the knifeprint back, with my thanks. [Gives you Black Knifeprint] Now, I have a fairly good idea who performed the rite upon the blade. The person who orchestrated the Night of the Black Knives. Lunar Princess Ranni. One of the children born to King Consort Radagon and his first wife, Rennala. Demigod and sister to General Radahn and Praetor Rykard. Her's was the name I discovered in the imprint. Truly, you have my thanks. But, if I might be so bold, I would also like to ask something more of you. If Ranni truly is the one who plotted that fateful night, then she should bear the cursemark of Destined Death somewhere upon her flesh. I would like you to procure it for me. And then all will be laid bare. I will have the answers I have sought for so long.
I have some idea of Ranni's potential whereabouts. There's a manor to the north of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. It is the familial home of the Carian royals from whom Ranni descends. There's been talk of the old royals' vassals gathering there in recent years. Ranni's whereabouts since the Shattering are a well-kept secret. She hasn't been seen even once. But I suspect she might have returned to the manor in which she was born...
If Lunar Princess Ranni truly is the one who plotted that fateful night, then she should bear the cursemark of Destined Death somewhere upon her flesh. Would you be willing to procure it for me? She may have returned to the manor that is her home. The Royal Carian residence to the north of the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
§ Why do you want a cursemark?
I'm afraid there's something I must tell you. Do you know of Those Who Live in Death? The very notion of life in death defies the Golden Order. By D's account, these defiled fiends must be expunged. But truth be told, I seek the cursemark to save them. You may find this peculiar, but I discovered something in my examination of the Night of the Black Knives. These souls have committed no offence. They have every right to life, only, they happened to touch upon a flaw in the Order.
Ranni cast off her cursemark
I see... When Ranni shed her flesh, she shed the cursemark, too. You know, not everyone would trust such a tale... But, if she in her current form is nothing more than the living doll you profess... Then perhaps it's true after all. Hmm. Forgive the bluntness of the notion, but... How would you like to become one of Ranni's vassals? Ah, only in order to get what we want, of course. The location of the body which bore the cursemark, which right now I haven't the faintest. And the best way to find out is for you to enter her service and take a poke around on the sly. I know you've got what it takes. Not only are you a superb fighter, but people want to trust you. I've seen it.
Rogier's proposition
Can you become Ranni's vassal to advance our agenda? While in her service, you'll be able to take a poke around on the sly. And determine the location of her original body that bears the cursemark. I realise that I'm asking you to put yourself in grave danger. But I know you've got what it takes. Quite possibly the only one, in fact. Not only are you a superb fighter, but people want to trust you. I've seen it.
Talk (after entering Ranni's services)
Hmm. Maybe I should tell you. Lately, I feel I'm on the precipice... Of falling into a deep...fathomless slumber. And I have an inkling it could spell trouble for you, somehow. So I just wanted to get the apology out of the way, beforehand. Since you're so scary and all.
Ah, so you've met D. D is an old friend. We found ourselves journeying together for a time, bound by our exploration of Death. But our paths since diverged. Never again to cross. Though that's hardly an uncommon fate for two friends.
D was telling me. That he discovered the mark of the centipede. The centipede is an ancient symbol of the cursemark. As long as whoever finds and uses it is not nefarious by nature, then we may be able to form an alliance. If only I could speak to them in person. And if they were like you, all the better.
Yes, indeed. If D knew what drives me now, he would surely boil over with rage. Or perhaps, he would even feel some pity. But no need to fret, none of that will come to pass. I can tell a good lie when I need to.
Always good to see you safe. So. What do you need?
Can be summoned as a cooperator for the Margit, The Fell Omen boss fight. This summon sign is available long before you first find Rogier.
Rogier will move to the Roundtable Hold regardless of whether you meet him or not prior to defeating Godrick.
If you speak with D upon Rogier's arrival, D will inform you that Rogier has taken up on the Balcony near him, and remark on his condition.
Speaking with Ranni and enlisting in her service before he requests it causes him to fall asleep and then die a while later (this happens regardless of whether you do his questline or not. The only difference is gaining extra information about Ranni and the Night of the Black Knives). Rogier will only die if you teleport in from a different site of grace, as teleporting from the same grace will simply have him in a constant state of sleep. As long as the Site of Grace you are teleporting from is not the Roundtable's Grace, he will die as expected. Rogier dying will not prevent the Ranni questline from continuing. Upon his death, he will leave behind his full armor set, his bell bearing, as well as a letter. Presumably, he would also drop his sword here if by chance he dies before Godrick is defeated. Interestingly enough, he will fall in deep slumber at the same time as Ranni. She mentions it after speaking with War Counselor Iji , Blaidd and Seluvis in her tower and then returning to her.
Rogier will only die if you teleport in from a different site of grace, as teleporting from the same grace will simply have him in a constant state of sleep. As long as the Site of Grace you are teleporting from is not the Roundtable's Grace, he will die as expected.
Rogier dying will not prevent the Ranni questline from continuing.
Upon his death, he will leave behind his full armor set, his bell bearing, as well as a letter. Presumably, he would also drop his sword here if by chance he dies before Godrick is defeated.
Interestingly enough, he will fall in deep slumber at the same time as Ranni. She mentions it after speaking with War Counselor Iji , Blaidd and Seluvis in her tower and then returning to her.
Gives Rogier's Rapier+8 after defeating Godrick the Grafted .
The player can skip having to defeat the Lesser Ulcerated Tree Spirit and activating Rogier's bloodstain by obtaining the Black Knifeprint from the Black Knife Catacombs in advance. Possessing the item will unlock the dialogue option for the rotting face without ever have seeing it. This also can be done without talking with Fia to obtain the map with the Knifeprint's location.
He likely tampered with the face under Stormveil, and got afflicted with Death Blight, which left him crippled and would soon curse him to an eternal slumber.
Piercing sword of superior quality, featuring intricate ornamentation. Signature weapon of the sorcerer Rogier.
High dexterity is required to wield the blade to its full potential, but mastery is a sight to behold, characterized by a flowing style which excels in successive attacks.
Glintstone sorcerer Rogier's traveling attire, graced with an intricate, aristocratic decoration. Strengthens glintstone sorcery skills.
Rogier spent his entire life behaving with utter detachment. No one noticed the anger, grief, regret, or fear that existed along with it.
One of the sorceries of the Carian royal family.
Creates a defensive arch of numerous magic glintblades overhead, which automatically attack nearby foes. This sorcery can be used cast while in motion.
An enhanced version of the glintblade sorcery used by enchanted knights.
On the Night of the Black Knives, someone stole a fragment of Death from Maliketh, the Black Blade, and imbued its power into the assassins' daggers.
This mark is evidence of the ritual, and hides the truth of the conspiracy.
Letter written in a trembling hand.
"I forgot to tell you, but it seems D has a younger brother. I heard he lies in a deep sleep in the aqueduct beside the Eternal City of Nokron. And it's said he stood before the Prince of Death not far beyond that spot."
Cursemark carved into the discarded flesh of Ranni the Witch. Also known as the half-wheel wound of the centipede.
This cursemark was carved at the moment of Death of the first demigod, and should have taken the shape of a circle.
However, two demigods perished at the same time, breaking the cursemark into two half-wheels.
Ranni was the first of the demigods whose flesh perished, while the Prince of Death perished in soul alone.
Are you acquainted with a man named Rogier? You know, the piteous fellow hiding away on the balcony? He was a formidable spellblade, in times past. Don't let his easy air deceive you. He was wise beyond his years, stout of heart and clear of mind.
No more though. You see him now, ravaged by thorns, muttering and rambling... Like he's half dead already. I can't stomach to watch. Take well the lesson, friend. That's how you end up, when seduced by Those Who Live in Death. When grace is sullied, it rots people from the inside. Breaks them.
Dear Rogier likes to talk of it when abed. The ancient plot, in which the first of the Demigods was slain. The black knifes wielded by the assassins who committed the act, along with the impressions they made, somehow hide the truth of the conspiracy. These grand affairs are hardly my forté... But dear Rogier began to weep as he spoke...
In truth I've heard tell from someone else, about the black knifeprints that fascinate dear Rogier so. But It wouldn't be right to give this to him, stuck as he is in the Roundtable Hold. Perhaps you could make use of it?
I heard that you lent a hand to dear Rogier. He seemed positively elated. He must be possessed of great mental fortitude. It anchors his will, and sustains him, despite his grievous wounds. You truly are a champion. To dear Rogier, and myself, too.
Rogier is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
3 Character Information 3.1 Basic Info 3.2 Equipment 3.3 Quest Items
4 Questline Progression
Rogier is a sorcerer, who is first encountered as an optional summon against Margit, the Fell Omen , he is later found within a church searching for knowledge in Stormveil Castle . He offers to teach the Tarnished his magical combat arts and warns them about Godrick's Tarnished hunters.
While in Stormveil, Rogier encounters a malformed corpse in the lower reaches of the castle and becomes infected with Deathroot. [ 1 ] The Tarnished encounters him again in Roundtable Hold , where he imparts knowledge of the Night of Black Knives and Those Who Live in Death , as well as revealing his former association with D, Hunter of the Dead . While in Roundtable Hold, he becomes acquainted with Fia, the Deathbed Companion , with whom he discusses the Night of Black Knives and the Black Knifeprints left by the assassins. [ 2 ]
Rogier receives a Black Knifeprint from the Tarnished and discovers that the one who enchanted the weapons of the Black Knife Assassins was Ranni the Witch . [ 3 ] He suggests that the Tarnished should find Ranni and enter her service in order to learn more. However, shortly after this he succumbs to the Deathroot infecting his body and perishes, leaving behind a note informing the Tarnished of the whereabouts of D's brother, Devin . [ 4 ]
Fia later summons Rogier as one of her Champions at the Prince of Death's Throne in Deeproot Depths .
Stormveil Castle (Optional) Exhaust his dialogue in Stormveil Castle encounter. He can be found in the chapel past the Rampart Tower Site of Grace. Witness his bloodstain after killing the Ulcerated Tree Spirit in the lower section of Stormveil Castle. Doing so before defeating Godrick will cause him to disappear from Stormveil, regardless of whether you have done step 1.
(Optional) Exhaust his dialogue in Stormveil Castle encounter. He can be found in the chapel past the Rampart Tower Site of Grace.
Witness his bloodstain after killing the Ulcerated Tree Spirit in the lower section of Stormveil Castle. Doing so before defeating Godrick will cause him to disappear from Stormveil, regardless of whether you have done step 1.
Roundtable Hold Meet him at Roundtable Hold after defeating Godrick. Tell him that you have defeated Godrick and then ask about the corpse below Stormveil. Speak to Fia to learn about the Black Knifeprint.
Meet him at Roundtable Hold after defeating Godrick. Tell him that you have defeated Godrick and then ask about the corpse below Stormveil.
Speak to Fia to learn about the Black Knifeprint.
Black Knife Catacombs Obtain the Black Knifeprint from the Black Knife Assassin in Black Knife Catacombs in Liurnia.
Obtain the Black Knifeprint from the Black Knife Assassin in Black Knife Catacombs in Liurnia.
Roundtable Hold Give Rogier the Black Knifeprint. (Optional) Ask Fia about Rogier. Reload the area and speak to Rogier. He will ask you to investigate Ranni.
Give Rogier the Black Knifeprint.
(Optional) Ask Fia about Rogier.
Reload the area and speak to Rogier. He will ask you to investigate Ranni.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Ranni's Rise) Head to Ranni's Rise and speak to Ranni. She will be dismissive and ask you to leave.
Head to Ranni's Rise and speak to Ranni. She will be dismissive and ask you to leave.
Roundtable Hold Return to Roundtable Hold and tell Rogier about Ranni. He will ask that you enter her service to further the investigation.
Return to Roundtable Hold and tell Rogier about Ranni. He will ask that you enter her service to further the investigation.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Ranni's Rise) Return to Ranni's Rise and agree to serve Ranni.
Return to Ranni's Rise and agree to serve Ranni.
Roundtable Hold Return to Roundtable Hold and speak to Rogier. He will tell you that his condition is worsening. Reload the area and Rogier will be unresponsive. Any unseen dialogue options will be locked and his shop will be unavailable. Reload the area again and Rogier will be dead, leaving behind his gear, bell bearing and a letter.
Return to Roundtable Hold and speak to Rogier. He will tell you that his condition is worsening.
Reload the area and Rogier will be unresponsive. Any unseen dialogue options will be locked and his shop will be unavailable.
Reload the area again and Rogier will be dead, leaving behind his gear, bell bearing and a letter.
Rogier's bloodstain at Stormveil Castle
Death blight infection in his legs
Rogier when he attacks you as one of Fia's Champions
Rogier's foot suffering from Death Blight

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Preceptor Seluvis
Preceptor Seluvis is an NPC in Elden Ring . Seluvis is a pompous sorcerer in service to Ranni the Witch . Seluvis Questline is important for players looking to make Magic Builds , so make sure to read all the Seluvis Questline steps below including a potential lockout due to your choices. Seluvis is first encountered in spectral form at Ranni's Rise in the Three Sisters sub-region of Liurnia of the Lakes .
See Preceptor Seluvis Lore
I don't know what it is the mistress sees in a provincial Tarnished like you, but since we have the misfortune of serving the same Lady, I ask that you kindly try not to drag us all down with you.
Preceptor Seluvis is found in various locations:
Seluvis is initially spoken to in spectral form at Ranni's Rise . [ Map link ]
He can then be found in physical form at Seluvis's Rise . [ Map link ]
This NPC does not move, but will die if you proceed far enough in Ranni's questline.
Like Sellen and Miriel , he can be given sorcery scrolls to increase his stock. Likewise, they can also be bought from his bell bearing .
This merchant can't be fought.
Upon death, drops: Preceptor's Set Seluvis's Bell Bearing
Seluvis's Bell Bearing
After completing his first quest, he will become available as a merchant.
Seluvis questline begins as he appears in spectral form on the ground floor of Ranni's Rise after speaking to Ranni for the first time.
He asks you to meet him physically at his tower nearby.
NOTE : Attacking Seluvis in the tower angers him. Doing so will rend the entire Ranni questline inaccessable; Seluvis, Iji , Blaidd and Ranni will all permanently dissapear unless the player uses a Celestial Dew at the Church of Vows .
At Seluvis's Rise , he gives you Seluvis's Potion and tasks you with finding Nepheli Loux and having her drink it. With the potion, there are two major paths to take: Talk with Gideon Ofnir and discuss Seluvis's plan. He will offer to dispose of the potion, claiming that Seluvis will be none the wiser. Alternatively, you can instead keep the potion and hand it over to Nepheli. Feed it to Dung Eater . If the player has made progress in his questline to the point in which he is bound to a chair and accepting Seedbed Curses , it is possible to feed him the potion and return to Seluvis. He will then have a new dialogue option.
Talk with Gideon Ofnir and discuss Seluvis's plan. He will offer to dispose of the potion, claiming that Seluvis will be none the wiser. Alternatively, you can instead keep the potion and hand it over to Nepheli.
Feed it to Dung Eater . If the player has made progress in his questline to the point in which he is bound to a chair and accepting Seedbed Curses , it is possible to feed him the potion and return to Seluvis. He will then have a new dialogue option.
If Nepheli or the Dung Eater was given the potion, their body can be found in Seluvis's laboratory, and their respective Ashes will be available for purchase from Seluvis using Starlight Shards as currency. Note that you must visit Seluvis's lab in the illusion-concealed basement of the building between Renna's Rise and Ranni's Rise, and then receive a free puppet from him, before you can buy the puppet you earned by using the potion. If you visit his lab before getting the potion and feeding it to someone, he may not give the option to buy new puppets. To fix this, simply return to his lab, read the "Seluvis's puppet. Do not touch." message again, and reload.
If you visit his lab before getting the potion and feeding it to someone, he may not give the option to buy new puppets. To fix this, simply return to his lab, read the "Seluvis's puppet. Do not touch." message again, and reload.
Regardless of your decision, Seluvis's response will be the same.
Note : With only a single potion, you must make a choice between Nepheli's or Dung Eater's ashes in a given playthrough. Obtaining the other will require New Game Plus .
NOTE : You must complete the next steps before giving Ranni the Fingerslayer Blade . Giving it to her will cause Seluvis's death.
Locating Seluvis's hidden chambers in the ruins outside of Ranni's Rise and interacting with the message within will allow you to ask Seluvis about the chamber. It is hidden beneath an illusory floor.
When asked about his chambers, he will let you choose one of his puppet Spirit Ashes .
After buying a second puppet, he will tell you about his plot. The exact steps to be able to buy the second puppet are as follows: Give Seluvis's potion to either Nepheli, Dung-eater or Gideon Ofnir. Acquire 3 Starlight Shards if you got the Finger Maiden Therolina Puppet the first time, or 2 Starlight Shards if you got the Jarwight Puppet the first time. Reload the area once, talk to Seluvis (he will repeat his last dialogue), reload the area again and he will give you the option to buy the second puppet. None of his sorceries are required to unlock the second puppet option.
The exact steps to be able to buy the second puppet are as follows: Give Seluvis's potion to either Nepheli, Dung-eater or Gideon Ofnir. Acquire 3 Starlight Shards if you got the Finger Maiden Therolina Puppet the first time, or 2 Starlight Shards if you got the Jarwight Puppet the first time. Reload the area once, talk to Seluvis (he will repeat his last dialogue), reload the area again and he will give you the option to buy the second puppet. None of his sorceries are required to unlock the second puppet option.
Give Seluvis's potion to either Nepheli, Dung-eater or Gideon Ofnir.
Acquire 3 Starlight Shards if you got the Finger Maiden Therolina Puppet the first time, or 2 Starlight Shards if you got the Jarwight Puppet the first time.
Reload the area once, talk to Seluvis (he will repeat his last dialogue), reload the area again and he will give you the option to buy the second puppet. None of his sorceries are required to unlock the second puppet option.
Seluvis seeks to create a potion that will turn even a demigod into a puppet. To make it, he asks you to acquire an Amber Starlight shard, which can found in the Altus Plateau . Pidia, Carian Servant sells a Weathered Map to help deduce its exact location.
Handing over the Amber Starlight shard will reward you with the Magic Scorpion Charm . Note: You can stop here with the talisman and continue with Ranni's questline.
Note: You can stop here with the talisman and continue with Ranni's questline.
After reloading the area, he will give you the Amber Draught and ask you to administer it to Ranni. Note: Receiving the Amber Draught does not lock you into betraying Ranni. When the Draught is in your inventory, you can toggle between administering it to Ranni or simply talking with her to continue her quest line as normal.
Note: Receiving the Amber Draught does not lock you into betraying Ranni. When the Draught is in your inventory, you can toggle between administering it to Ranni or simply talking with her to continue her quest line as normal.
Upon doing so, she will wake up both saddened and outraged by your actions. She will demand that you leave, talking to her two more times will result in her instantly killing you (no combat, you just drop dead). Ranni, Iji and Blaidd will have dissapeared from the game and cannot be interacted with again until you use absolve yourself of sins at the Church of Vows. Note: You can absolve yourself with Celestial Dew at the Church of Vows and continue Ranni's questline without consequence. The NPCs will act as if the Amber Draught episode has never happened. Seluvis will be found dead in his tower and Pidia will be killed by his puppets once you get near to his location.
Note: You can absolve yourself with Celestial Dew at the Church of Vows and continue Ranni's questline without consequence. The NPCs will act as if the Amber Draught episode has never happened.
Seluvis will be found dead in his tower and Pidia will be killed by his puppets once you get near to his location.
After giving the Fingerslayer Blade to Ranni, Seluvis can then be found at Seluvis's Rise , dead; thus ending his questline.
The end of his questline is synced with Pidia’s . When the questline ends, Pidia expresses shock that the puppets he loved so dearly would betray him, before letting out screams of terror and being torn apart by his puppets, leaving behind Pidia's Bell Bearing and a puppet (Dolores or Nepheli; Nepheli's Puppet Ashes will drop instead of Dolores's Puppet Ashes if she was given the potion).
Seluvis's puppet laboratory is located in one of the ruins near his tower. From Ranni's Rise Site of Grace, head outside and visit the first set of ruins on your left. Striking the floor will reveal an illusory floor and a staircase. Inside will be a message: " Seluvis's puppet. Do not touch. " After confronting him about the laboratory and exhausting his dialogue, he will offer you one of his puppets. You can now exchange Starlight Shards for other available Ashes.
Note: If Seluvis has died due to progress in Ranni's questline, it is still possible to purchase from this shop. Simply return to his dead body and a prompt will appear. Note 2: Alternatively, Dolores's Puppet Ashes will drop from Pidia if the potion is given to Dung Eater, however you will not get Nepheli's Puppet Ashes from Pidia by doing so. (Nepheli's Puppet Ashes are not purchasable in the shop.)
I see... You must be Ranni's new hireling. Yes, yes, I've heard all about you. I am Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts. I don't know what it is the mistress sees in a provincial Tarnished like you, but since we have the misfortune of serving the same Lady, I ask that you kindly try not to drag us all down with you.
I reside...in another tower, close by. Come and pay me a visit... Should you wish to be of actual service to Mistress Ranni. If it were up to me, I wouldn't waste my time on the likes of you. But who am I to stand against the wishes of my Lady?
Well, well. You took me at my word. Did you not realise I was merely being polite? You provincials never cease to amaze... Hmm, I suppose you're here now. Perhaps I'll give you something to do. I'd like you to find a woman called Nepheli, to administer a potion. Even you can do that much, can't you? [Accept the task] Good, good. As a man of abundant charity, I accept your apology. (Only if offer was declined twice) Now I shall hand over the potion in question. [Receives Seluvis's Potion] Find Nepheli, and ensure she drinks it. I except glad tidings. And soon. [Decline the task] I see... What a wretched bunch you Tarnished are. Do you understand? I've given you a very fine chance. If you complete this task, I will graciously permit you to learn from me. Even you wish to serve our Lady well, do you not? Turn those little cogs upstairs, and return with the correct answer. [Talk after declining once] Have you fumbled out the correct answer now? Then you will undertake my task? [Declining again] ... You are peerless in your dullardly. Fine. I can feel my wits evaporating in your mere presence. Don't bother wasting your breath on me again. [Talk after declining twice] I could have sworn I told you to trouble me no more... Are you here to tender your sincere apology, and undertake my task?
Well, well. You're asking me about that, are you? The task was left to you and the mongrel, was it not? Not only are you incompetent, but shameless to boot. Well...there's no helping it. Now's as good a time as any. I'll let you in on it. There's a glintstone sorcerer by the name of Sellen in Limgrave. She owes me for the help I gave her when she was expelled from the academy. I asked her to look into the matter some time ago. I'll write you a letter of introduction. Go ask her. [Gives Seluvis's Introduction]
After giving someone Seluvis's Potion:
Ahh, so you made Nepheli drink the potion? Well done. You are a touch more useful than I had thought. Very well. Then you shall have your gift. Knowledge of the sorcerous arts, under the tutelage of the great Preceptor Seluvis. I doubt much of it will lay within the grasp of a mere Tarnished, but... If you put your mind to it, perhaps you won't embarrass our Lady.
You wish to begin right this moment? Well, your impatience, though boorish, is understandable. Let's have at it.
Hand over the scroll:
Hmm. Is that a scroll? I won't bother to ask where you pilfered it, but... You're correct to assume I'm one of the few who can decipher it. So, I'm perfectly happy to take it off your hands. That said, don't you dare get your hopes up. More often than not, new knowledge is merely an opportunity to reflect... ...upon the mediocrity of one's intellect.
After purchasing all available sorceries:
Come now, the pretence of comprehension becomes you not. Bend over backwards any further and you're apt to break.
So, you had Nepheli drink the potion? Truly? Hmm. Then perhaps something was amiss with it. It's concocted from the finest ingredients. But perhaps I should review the recipe. I may have expected too much of her, to begin with.
§ About your chambers:
You break into a man's private chambers, rooting about as you please? Your oafishness knows no bounds. Fine and well. You tricked Nepheli, and had her drink the potion. I believe that makes you my accomplice. You yearn for a puppet of your own, hmm? Well, normally one of your stature would never be allowed. But perhaps I can make a very special exception. Now, choose. [Offers choice between Finger Maiden Therolina Puppet and Jarwight Puppet]
(Upon returning) How's the puppet I gave you? A thing of exquisite craft, is it not?
I want a new puppet (after accepting the free puppet and finding more Starlight Shards):
What's that? You want another puppet? Quite the keen paramour, aren't we. But, I'm afraid each and every one is like a child to me. I can hardly just give them away. Oh dear, what's to be done? Why don't you...fetch me some starlight shards? If you can manage it, I'll gladly prepare a new puppet for you. The soul of every puppet has its own ambience. You'll soon come to know, once you possess a few. And once each's predilections are known to you, the better you'll be able to love them. Oh yes, you have much to look forward to, further down this road. [Opens puppet shop]
After purchasing another puppet:
You're proving to be quite the puppeteer. I've not had an apprentice for...a very long time indeed.
Perhaps, you'd be interested in a little scheme of mine? It will produce the finest of puppets. Which I aspire to cherish with these very hands. A ploy to fool even Lady Ranni... How does that sound?
[I'm interested] Ahh, I knew I had you pegged. You're just like me. Then I'd like you to procure something. A rather unique starlight shard that glistens with amber. With that, my special draught will gleam with nectar-sweetness. And even a demigod would be slave to its charms...
[I'm not interested] Very good. A wise choice, indeed. You passed my little test with flying colours. I was merely gauging your loyalty to Lady Ranni. Well done, I'm very proud of you. Let's both do our utmost in service of our Lady.
[Returning to hear more about the scheme] Ah ha. Might you be interested after all? In a fine scheme to sport with Lady Ranni?
About Amber Starlight:
Procure it for me. The rather unique starlight shard that glistens with amber. With that, my special draught will gleam with nectar-sweetness. And even a demigod would be slave to its charms...
Give Amber Starlight:
Well, well, you managed to lay your hands on it! The blessed day is finally upon us... Goodness gracious, the way it glistens...utterly enchanting. To think, this was once a demigod's very fate... My oh my oh my....
Ah, are you still here? Oh yes, I should give you your reward. Please, it's all yours. Splendid work. Just marvelous. [Gives Magic Scorpion Charm]
Now, just you wait. The merriment is soon to begin. The scheme I promised is to be revealed very shortly...
(Talk again without reloading the area) You'll be flabbergasted, I can assure you. The secret* I promised is to be revealed very shortly... *He says "The secret" here, yet the subtitles repeat "The scheme" as in the previous line.
§ Returning to Seluvis:
Good, I've been waiting for you. It's finally complete. The perfection of my draught, gleaming nectar-sweet. Give it to Ranni and ensure she drinks it. [Gives Amber Draught]
The dead-eyed doll lets down her guard in your presence, rather remarkably. Though she might dip her hands in the dirt, and feign that icy persona...she's a frail, gentle girl at heart.
You...understand, don't you? That once you have Ranni drink my draught, my scheme will come to fruition. And we, well, we'll be in a position to claim the very finest puppet ever crafted. Just imagine...the pure elation...
About the draught (after receiving the Amber Draught and purchasing all available sorceries):
Come now, don't make me wait. I can barely contain myself as it is...
Agh! Enough of that, now. Have you forgotten that we both serve the same Lady?
You incorrigible lout. Don't you dare waltz back here again.
I have no time for idle chit chat. The only thing I will hear from you is a report of your task's completion. Are we understood? Then off you trot.
Begging for another lesson so soon? There remains much to be done. Make it quick.
Seluvis' name is a reference to the character Severus Snape from Harry Potter. His Japanese name セルブス (serubusu) is an anagram of Severus (セブルス seburusu).
Gideon and Seluvis seem to have a long-standing hatred, if not rivalry, for each other.
In between Ranni's Rise and Renna's Rise, you'll see a ruined building and a set of stairs that go down hidden by an illusory floor, protected by a Noble Sorcerer who is otherwise invisible unless close by. There are many doll-like figures around the basement, with a message saying "Seluvis's puppet. Do not touch." in the corner by a man with a jar for a head. A rather eerie thing to note is that puppets' eyes are following player's movements. The bodies of a Perfumer and an Omenkiller are also present, despite none of them being obtainable as puppets. After giving his potion to either Gideon, Nepehli, or Dung Eater, speaking to Seluvis about his basement will become available, in which he will give you access to one free Spirit Ash summon, with the other two available for purchase later. One of the ashes is only available if you give the potion to the Dung Eater or Nepheli, rather than letting Gideon dispose of it. (?) A puppet of Sellen and Nepheli (if you give her the potion) can be found behind another illusory wall in the back of the cellar. Above and beyond the violation/creep factor of Seluvis's entire operation with puppetry in general, there are numerous additional context clues that suggest a darkly sexual component to the preceptor's own intentions regarding his unwilling thralls. The presence of Sorceress Sellen's puppet (the only one found stood upright and "activated" within his chambers) kept behind a second privacy-guaranteeing illusory wall in his laboratory AND adjacent to a bed, Seluvis responding to you discovering his secret by offering you a choice (i e. a bribe ) of your own puppet between an innocent maiden and an unclothed man (and that, only after commenting that your demonstrated willingness to help him subjugate Nepheli into unwilling puppetry has already effectively made you his "accomplice"), his reference to you being "quite the paramour" should you return to request additional puppets, and arguably worst of all the truly evil implication of his original intent to utilize the player to lay irreversible claim upon body and mind of the foster daughter of his long-standing rival , Gideon. (See the next bullet point for even further context regarding this.) Upon receiving Dolores as a puppet, it is discovered that Gideon and Seluvis were both in the Roundtable together, with Dolores. It is also noted that the two stopped talking because of her, implying a potential love triangle of sorts. The fact you receive Dolores only after giving Nepheli, Gideon's daughter, the potion and later find her as a doll also implies that Seluvis may have grown tired of Dolores as a puppet. It's possible he sought Gideon's adoptive daughter as a replacement.
There are many doll-like figures around the basement, with a message saying "Seluvis's puppet. Do not touch." in the corner by a man with a jar for a head. A rather eerie thing to note is that puppets' eyes are following player's movements. The bodies of a Perfumer and an Omenkiller are also present, despite none of them being obtainable as puppets. After giving his potion to either Gideon, Nepehli, or Dung Eater, speaking to Seluvis about his basement will become available, in which he will give you access to one free Spirit Ash summon, with the other two available for purchase later. One of the ashes is only available if you give the potion to the Dung Eater or Nepheli, rather than letting Gideon dispose of it. (?)
After giving his potion to either Gideon, Nepehli, or Dung Eater, speaking to Seluvis about his basement will become available, in which he will give you access to one free Spirit Ash summon, with the other two available for purchase later. One of the ashes is only available if you give the potion to the Dung Eater or Nepheli, rather than letting Gideon dispose of it. (?)
One of the ashes is only available if you give the potion to the Dung Eater or Nepheli, rather than letting Gideon dispose of it. (?)
A puppet of Sellen and Nepheli (if you give her the potion) can be found behind another illusory wall in the back of the cellar. Above and beyond the violation/creep factor of Seluvis's entire operation with puppetry in general, there are numerous additional context clues that suggest a darkly sexual component to the preceptor's own intentions regarding his unwilling thralls. The presence of Sorceress Sellen's puppet (the only one found stood upright and "activated" within his chambers) kept behind a second privacy-guaranteeing illusory wall in his laboratory AND adjacent to a bed, Seluvis responding to you discovering his secret by offering you a choice (i e. a bribe ) of your own puppet between an innocent maiden and an unclothed man (and that, only after commenting that your demonstrated willingness to help him subjugate Nepheli into unwilling puppetry has already effectively made you his "accomplice"), his reference to you being "quite the paramour" should you return to request additional puppets, and arguably worst of all the truly evil implication of his original intent to utilize the player to lay irreversible claim upon body and mind of the foster daughter of his long-standing rival , Gideon. (See the next bullet point for even further context regarding this.)
Above and beyond the violation/creep factor of Seluvis's entire operation with puppetry in general, there are numerous additional context clues that suggest a darkly sexual component to the preceptor's own intentions regarding his unwilling thralls. The presence of Sorceress Sellen's puppet (the only one found stood upright and "activated" within his chambers) kept behind a second privacy-guaranteeing illusory wall in his laboratory AND adjacent to a bed, Seluvis responding to you discovering his secret by offering you a choice (i e. a bribe ) of your own puppet between an innocent maiden and an unclothed man (and that, only after commenting that your demonstrated willingness to help him subjugate Nepheli into unwilling puppetry has already effectively made you his "accomplice"), his reference to you being "quite the paramour" should you return to request additional puppets, and arguably worst of all the truly evil implication of his original intent to utilize the player to lay irreversible claim upon body and mind of the foster daughter of his long-standing rival , Gideon. (See the next bullet point for even further context regarding this.)
Upon receiving Dolores as a puppet, it is discovered that Gideon and Seluvis were both in the Roundtable together, with Dolores. It is also noted that the two stopped talking because of her, implying a potential love triangle of sorts. The fact you receive Dolores only after giving Nepheli, Gideon's daughter, the potion and later find her as a doll also implies that Seluvis may have grown tired of Dolores as a puppet. It's possible he sought Gideon's adoptive daughter as a replacement.
The fact you receive Dolores only after giving Nepheli, Gideon's daughter, the potion and later find her as a doll also implies that Seluvis may have grown tired of Dolores as a puppet. It's possible he sought Gideon's adoptive daughter as a replacement.
One of Seluvis's favorite puppets. Use to summon the spirit of Dolores the Sleeping Arrow
Spirit of a handsome archer who dressed in the style of a man. Called the Silent Hunter by some, she fires St. Trina's arrows from her shortbow.
Dolores once belonged to the Roundtable Hold, where she was both a critic and a friend of Gideon the All-Knowing. It was because of her that he and Seluvis went their separate ways.
An ephemeral sliver that gives off a pale blue glow. What remains of a passing flash of starlight.
Use to gradually recover FP.
A prized item that was once used in the Eternal City as an ingredient in intoxicating draughts.
Note sold by a nomadic merchant imparting knowledge in brief.
"Preceptor Seluvis is hiding a dirty secret in a cellar among the ruins not far from the sisters three.
The vile Graven Witch seems to be a frequent visitor to that place."
"Ah, and there wilt thou find Iji, my war counselor, and Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts, also."
"Thank you. You've helped me fill a new body, once again. And it's truly a gem. Young and full of vigor, a snug fit for my Primal Glintstone."
"Good. I'll dispose of the potion myself. You go and see Seluvis, but don't give anything away. Just tell him that you tricked your mark into drinking the potion as planned."
I am Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts. I don't know what it is the mistress sees in a provincial Tarnished like you...
Preceptor Seluvis is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
3 Character Information 3.1 Equipment 3.2 Quest Items
4 Questline Progression
A preceptor in the service of Ranni the Witch , the last princess of the Carian Royal Family . [ 1 ] Seluvis, who resides within a rise in the Three Sisters , openly expresses disdain towards the Tarnished [ 2 ] speaking to them with an air of superiority and hostility.
Seluvis was, in the past, acquainted with Gideon Ofnir , however they parted ways due to Dolores, a friend and critique of Gideon's. [ 3 ] He was also familiar with Sellen , a sorceress who owes him a favour for assisting her when she was expelled from the Academy of Raya Lucaria . [ 4 ]
Seluvis is a collector of "puppets"; living beings transformed into thralls through the administration of a special draught brewed using Starlight Shards . [ 5 ] The physical bodies of these puppets are stored in a hidden cellar in the Three Sisters. [ 6 ] Among his collection is the body of a sorceress wearing a Witch's Glintstone Crown , into which Sellen's Primal Glintstone can be inserted to provide her with a new body full of vigor. [ 7 ]
After becoming acquainted with the Tarnished, Seluvis asks them to give a potion to Nepheli Loux . If Nepheli drinks the potion, she will fall into a deep slumber and become a puppet , with her body residing in Seluvis' basement. Alternatively, if the Tarnished shows the potion to Gideon, he will dispose of it himself and suggest that the Tarnished tell Seluvis that they gave Nepheli the potion. [ 8 ] The potion can also be fed to the Dung Eater , resulting in him becoming a Dung Eater Puppet instead.
When the Tarnished confronts Seluvis about his collection of puppets, he offers to brew them their own puppet in exchange for Starlight Shards. [ 9 ] If they accept, Seluvis will later task them with retrieving an Amber Starlight , with which he brews an Amber Draught intended to turn Ranni into his puppet. [ 10 ] Ranni sees through this treachery, however, and bids the Tarnished leave, killing them if they do not.
Whether the Tarnished aids Seluvis in his betrayal or not, he can later be found dead in his tower, in the same kneeling position as his puppets.
Pidia's questline becomes locked after giving Ranni the Fingerslayer Blade , regardless of any steps already completed.
Follow Ranni the Witch's questline and join her service in Ranni's Rise . Speak to the projections of Blaidd, Iji, and Seluvis, and then speak to Ranni once again.
Visit Seluvis's Rise , south of Ranni's Rise, and speak to Seluvis. Agree to his request to obtain Seluvis's Potion.
Perform any one of the following to proceed with Seluvis's questline: Give Nepheli Loux the potion. In order to do this, you must have defeated the Omenkiller in the Village of the Albinaurics and Nepheli must be in the lower level of Roundtable Hold . You will obtain Nepheli Loux Puppet from Pidia, Carian Servant at the end of his questline. Give Dung Eater the potion. In order to do this, you must have obtained a Seedbed Curse , freed Dung Eater from his gaol, defeated his dark spirit in the Capital Outskirts , and made sure Dung Eater has returned to his gaol. You will be able to Dung Eater Puppet from Seluvis after this. Talk to Gideon Ofnir and give him the potion.
Give Nepheli Loux the potion. In order to do this, you must have defeated the Omenkiller in the Village of the Albinaurics and Nepheli must be in the lower level of Roundtable Hold . You will obtain Nepheli Loux Puppet from Pidia, Carian Servant at the end of his questline.
Give Dung Eater the potion. In order to do this, you must have obtained a Seedbed Curse , freed Dung Eater from his gaol, defeated his dark spirit in the Capital Outskirts , and made sure Dung Eater has returned to his gaol. You will be able to Dung Eater Puppet from Seluvis after this.
Talk to Gideon Ofnir and give him the potion.
Return to Seluvis and exhaust his dialogue, regardless of the option chosen in the previous step. His shop inventory will now be available.
Travel to the ruins north-east of Ranni's Rise and pass through the illusory floor. Go down the steps into the cellar and interact with the message saying "Seluvis' puppet. Do not touch."
Return to Seluvis and select the "About your chambers" dialogue option. You will now be able to buy puppets from Seluvis in return for Starlight Shards. Buy any one of these puppets to continue.
Speak to Seluvis again and select the "About the scheme" dialogue option.
Obtain the Amber Starlight from Altus Plateau. This can be found in a small grotto north-east of the Altus Highway Junction Site of Grace, north of the giant staircase that leads to the Tree Sentinel boss fight.
Return to Seluvis and select the "Give Amber Starlight" dialogue option to obtain the Magic Scorpion Charm.
Reload the area and speak to Seluvis to obtain the Amber Draught.
You may attempt to give the Amber Draught to Ranni. Doing so will lock Ranni's questline, and it can only be resumed by seeking Absolution at the Church of Vows . Talking to her three times after trying to give her the draught will cause her to instantly kill you.
Seluvis will now be dead. His Bell bearing and armour set can be looted from his body, which can also be interacted with to access the puppet shop. Pidia will also die at this stage.
If Ranni is not given the Amber Draught, Seluvis will die in the same way after giving her the Fingerslayer Blade.
Seluvis and Pidia are both voices by Charles Dale, and Pidia's dialogue is found nested within Seluvis' dialogue in the game's files. Along with the pose Seluvis is found in at the end of his questline, being reminiscent of the puppets in his cellar, it is possible that Seluvis himself is a puppet of Pidia.

---

area: Caelid
chapter: 9
name: Witch-Hunter Jerren
Witch-Hunter Jerren is an NPC in Elden Ring . Jerren , first known as Castellan Jerren , is a part of the Sorceress Sellen questline. He can also be seen as a herald, making proclamations about the Radahn Festival around Redmane Castle just as the festival is getting prepared to start. He then initiates the festival. Jerren has the opportunity to fight alongside players as an NPC Summon .
See Witch-Hunter Jerren Lore
I am Jerren. Foolish old warrior, and witness. Incidentally, do you like a good festival, from time to time?
Witch-Hunter Jerren can be found at church at Redmane Castle .
This merchant can be fought
If defeated, drops: Eccentric Set
In order to proceed with these quests that involve Sorceress Sellen , Starscourge Radahn must be defeated. You can then find Jerren seated at Redmane Castle , north of the Chamber Outside the Plaza Site of Grace . [ Map Link ]
If he is not at Redmane Castle, he is likely already at his second location in Witchbane Ruins . Speak to him then you can find him next where you previously found the chained Sorceress Sellen in Witchbane Ruins .
If you still cannot locate Jerren in the Witchbane Ruins, you may need to further progress in the Sorceress Sellen questline. At this point you will probably need to bring Sellen's stone to the puppet body in Seluvis' secret basement by the three sister towers in north Liurnia before he will appear with Sellen's body in this location.
The next encounter should be at the Raya Lucaria Academy Library. [ Map Link ] You will be given a choice to side with Sellen or Jerren. If you choose to side with Jerren, you will be engaging in combat alongside him against Sellen.
If you side with Sellen and defeat Jerren, his armor set, Eccentric Set is obtained. This includes the Eccentric's Hood , Eccentric's Armor , Eccentric's Manchettes , and Eccentric's Breeches . You can also gain the Glintstone Kris from Sellen as a reward and gain access to Shard Spiral for purchase.
Choose to side with Jerren and you will obtain Sellen's Bell Bearing , and Witch's Glintstone Crown upon the defeat of Sellen. He will also reward you with an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone after speaking with him. You will find him where his summon sign was outside the Grand Library Site of Grace .
Introduction before the festival §
Oh, Tarnished, are you? How did you slip inside, with the gate closed? Hmph. No matter. If you can fell one of them, you're a champion, in my book. I am Jerren. Foolish old warrior, and witness. Incidentally, do you like a good festival,  from time to time? Well, it's true, this fortress houses only the vanquished. But when the stars align, we celebrate. A war festival honoring the last battle and death of General Radahn, the mightiest demigod of the Shattering, and bearer of a Great Rune.
[I'm not the festive type] Well, you're not much fun, are you, chum? No matter. One day you will see. That true warriors bask in glory at the festival.
[About Iji] Well, I haven't heard that name in an age. Then you must serve Princess Ranni? The next time you speak to Iji, tell him this: The festival of Radahn will surely set Ranni's fate into motion. By the by... Is that old fool still hammering out weapons? His enormous frame, cramped in that little place... Bit of a haughty sort. Strange fella, when I knew him. And funny thing, his swords were all blunt as stone. But not one of them decayed when faced with the scarlet rot...
Go on, now. This old geezer hasn't any use for you just yet.
Festival proclamation
Champions, welcome! The stars have aligned! The festival is nigh! General Radahn, mightiest demigod of the Shattering, awaits you!
Champions, prepare for battle! Defeat the General, claim glory, and grab that Great Rune! A celebration of war! The Radahn Festival!
Are you good and prepared, young chum? The festival begins!
I see... when you are ready, come to me again.
Before we begin, allow me to pain you the full picture. General Radahn is cursed ever to wander. Eaten from the inside, by Malenia's scarlet rot, his wits are long gone. Now he gathers the corpses of former friends and foes alike, gorging on them, like a dog. Howling at the sky.
But now, we must make merry. O gathering of champions, the revels begin! The celebration of war! The Radahn Festival!
You will find the field of battle past the church ahead, upon the shore under the fort. General Radahn is there, even now. Divested of his wits, devouring corpses... and howling at the sky...
§ After the festival
At last, the war festival has ended. Brave champion you have our gratitude. The Celebration was spectacular. General Radahn is surely pleased. Festering with rot, and crippled by madness, all he wanted was an honorable death.
Finally, my work is done. I am no longer bound to this fortress. I have a task in mind. Old business you could say. You wouldn't understand. May we meet again if the fates deign it, brave champion.
Small Talk (Witchbane Ruins)
Ah, well met. I hardly expected to see the champion of the festival here of all places. You didn't ... know Sellen did you? Well, whatever the case, she's dead now. Just put it behind you. She was known as the Graven Witch. Obsessed by the primeval current, countless sorcerers fell to her hands. The most dangerous mage in the entire history of Raya Lucaria's Academy
It is strange through. The woman, she was like a husk, her soul already fled. I suspect Sellen lives on, elsewhere. I'm sure she'll turn up eventually, in another body. A sickening thought, but one that won't stop gnawing at me.
Siding with Jerren, during Sorceress Sellen invasion
"Sellen, Graven Witch, enemy of Caria. I vow this time to crush both your frame and your primal glintstone. I am Jerren, bringer of your death. Do not forget."
My thanks, for the aid given. I heard from Iji that Lady Ranni might have found herself a champion. But I didn't know he was talking about you. You've helped me fulfil an old promise. This is the least I can do for you. Please, take it. [Hands you x1 Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone]
Well, I must be leaving now. Brave warrior, if the fates deign it.. No, we shall indeed meet again, at the next glorious tourney.
Well, I must be leaving now. If the fates deign it, may we meet again, Tarnished.
Ugh! What's the matter with you? You trying to get revenge?
(Combat) Very well. If the Graven Witch put you under her spell, you must be eliminated...
(On player kill) Rest now. Alongside the witch's corpse.
(On death) You...are a menace... Iji...beware...
Can be summoned during the second phase of Radahn's boss fight
In combat, Jerren wields a Flamberge with the Flaming Strike Ash of War, and a Carian Glintblade Staff , which he uses to cast Magic Glintblade .
When defeated after assisting Sellen "Bloody Finger Vanquished" is displayed, but this is most likely an error as Jerren has no other connection to this faction.
This set's design is inspired directly from the armor once worn by German Landsknecht , elite mercenaries who were often hired and served underneath the Holy Roman Empire. They were especially famous for their use of the Zweihander greatsword.
His set is very similar in appearance to Slave Knight Gael, along with the hood and beard.
A pointy, ragged hood. Worn by the knight Jerren.
The hood hides an aged, bearded mask.
Jerren served General Radahn as a guest commander, and they are said to have sworn an oath of honorable death to one another.
Unusually colorful armor. Worn by the knight Jerren.
Jerren preferred a nomadic existence, but after spending time as a guest of the Carian royals, he became a guest commander for General Radahn. And for the first time, the restless tumbleweed would be bound by honorable oath.
Greatsword featuring a flame-like undulation. Shreds enemy flesh, inducing blood loss.
Scarlet rot is kept at bay with flame at Redmane Castle, and as such, this beloved sword of Jerren's eventually became the symbol of the castle itself.
The stars alter the fate of the Carian royal family. And the fate of your mistress, Ranni. But long ago, General Radahn challenged the swirling constellations, and in a crushing victory, arrested their cycles.
My body lies elsewhere. But the academy's shackles prevent it being moved.
Thank you. You've helped me fill a new body, once again. And it's truly a gem. Young and full of vigor, a snug fit for my Primal Glintstone.
Before taking up the banner of General Radahn, he was a guest of the Carian royal family. An expert swordsman, to be sure, but ever the eccentric."
Now the time has come to remind him of an old promise made. With the stars of fate set into motion, a certain sorceress is dispossessed of her immortality... Finally, we can be rid of a longstanding Carian weed...
Convene the festival of war. Honor General Radahn, with a warrior's glory. It's in your hands, Sir Jerren...
I am Jerren. Foolish old warrior, and witness.
Castellan Jerren is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Jerren is the elderly castellan of Redmane Castle . In the past, Jerren was a nomadic warrior who became a guest of the Carian Royal Family . [ 1 ] There, he became acquainted with General Radahn , the son of Radagon and Rennala , the Carian queen, who would later challenge the stars and arrest their movements, halting fate. [ 2 ] He was considered an eccentric by Iji , the blacksmith and war counselor of the Carians. [ 3 ] During this time, Jerren made a promise to kill Sellen , a sorceress who had long been a hindrance to the Carians. [ 4 ]
After spending time as a guest of the Carians, Jerren served as a guest commander under General Radahn, and the two swore an oath of honourable death to one another. [ 5 ] During the Shattering , Radahn fought Malenia, Blade of Miquella in the Battle of Aeonia, and in the aftermath was driven mad by Malenia's rot, cursed to wander the battlefield, devouring the corpses of friends and foes alike. [ 6 ] Jerren convened the Radahn Festival to honour his lord [ 7 ] , attracting champions from across the Lands Between by promising a battle against the General and a chance to claim his Great Rune . [ 8 ]
Among the champions who converge upon Redmane Castle to participate in the festival is a Tarnished who succeeds in defeating Radahn, giving him an honourable death. With Radahn dead, the stars are once again set into motion, and Sellen is dispossessed of her immortality. [ 4 ] Finally able to uphold his old promise, Jerren travels to Witchbane Ruins on the Weeping Peninsula , where Sellen is bound by the Academy's shackles. [ 9 ] When he arrives, he finds her as a husk, her soul having seemingly already fled. [ 10 ] Suspecting Sellen to still be alive somewhere [ 11 ] , Jerren continues his hunt, eventually tracking her down to the Academy of Raya Lucaria . He vows to kill her and crush her Primal Glintstone [ 12 ] , which facilitated her survival. [ 13 ] Should the Tarnished aid him in defeating Sellen, he will thank them before departing, promising to meet them again at the next tournament. [ 14 ]
(Optional) Redmane Castle (before the Radahn Festival) Jerren can be encountered in Redmane Castle before initiating the Radahn Festival, sitting on a chair inside the church just beyond the plaza. Speaking to him here will unlock some additional dialogue with Iji.
Jerren can be encountered in Redmane Castle before initiating the Radahn Festival, sitting on a chair inside the church just beyond the plaza. Speaking to him here will unlock some additional dialogue with Iji.
Redmane Castle (during the Radahn Festival) When the Radahn Festival commences, Jerren can be found on a podium overlooking the plaza. Speak to him and select "Ready as I'll ever be" to trigger a cutscene. After the cutscene, wait for Jerren to finish speaking to receive the "Heartening Cry" Gesture. Next, go into the church behind Jerren and take the elevator down. Use the sending gate at the bottom of the elevator to fight Starscourge Radahn. Castellan Jerren's summon sign will appear during the fight with Starscourge Radahn, after he enters his second phase.
When the Radahn Festival commences, Jerren can be found on a podium overlooking the plaza. Speak to him and select "Ready as I'll ever be" to trigger a cutscene. After the cutscene, wait for Jerren to finish speaking to receive the "Heartening Cry" Gesture. Next, go into the church behind Jerren and take the elevator down. Use the sending gate at the bottom of the elevator to fight Starscourge Radahn.
Castellan Jerren's summon sign will appear during the fight with Starscourge Radahn, after he enters his second phase.
Redmane Castle (after the Radahn Festival) Jerren can be spoken to once more after the Radahn Festival, in the same location he was in before the festival. After exhausting his dialogue he will disappear.
Jerren can be spoken to once more after the Radahn Festival, in the same location he was in before the festival. After exhausting his dialogue he will disappear.
Witchbane Ruins After following Sellen's questline up until she gives you Sellen's Primal Glintstone, reload and return to Witchbane Ruins to find Jerren. Exhaust his dialogue to progress to the next step.
After following Sellen's questline up until she gives you Sellen's Primal Glintstone, reload and return to Witchbane Ruins to find Jerren. Exhaust his dialogue to progress to the next step.
Academy of Raya Lucaria After transplanting Sellen's Primal Glintstone into the puppet in the cellar beneath Three Sisters , there will be two summon signs outside the door to the Raya Lucaria Grand Library. To progress Jerren's questline, interact with the red summon sign. You will be summoned to assist Jerren in defeating Sellen. Defeat Sellen to receive the Witch's Glintstone Crown and Sellen's Bell Bearing . After the fight, speak to Jerren, who will be just outside the room. Exhaust his dialogue to receive an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone.
After transplanting Sellen's Primal Glintstone into the puppet in the cellar beneath Three Sisters , there will be two summon signs outside the door to the Raya Lucaria Grand Library. To progress Jerren's questline, interact with the red summon sign. You will be summoned to assist Jerren in defeating Sellen. Defeat Sellen to receive the Witch's Glintstone Crown and Sellen's Bell Bearing . After the fight, speak to Jerren, who will be just outside the room. Exhaust his dialogue to receive an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone.
The prominent nose and long, grey beard seen under Jerren's hood are actually features of the helmet he wears underneath. In reality, his beard is much shorter and a darker grey, and his hidden left eye had a scar going diagonally over it and has a clouded, milky white color (see gallery).
Jerren's mask and hood bear a resemblance

---

area: Altus Plateau
chapter: 13
name: Jar-Bairn
One day, I'll be just like Uncle Alexander. And I'll have to leave the village to become a champion.
Jar-Bairn is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Jar-Bairn is a young Living Jar who lives in the secluded village of Jarburg in Liurnia of the Lakes . Like his uncle Alexander , he is a warrior jar [ 1 ] , and strives to become a champion just like Alexander. [ 2 ]
Presently, however, he is on the lookout for a new Potentate for the village. He meets the Tarnished when they pay a visit to Jarburg, but determines that they are not suited to be the new Potentate due to their rough hands. [ 3 ] Nevertheless, he welcomes them to the village and invites them to come back and pick the flowers growing in the village whenever they want. [ 4 ] He also warns the Tarnished of poachers who hunt and destroy other living jars. [ 5 ]
Eventually, Jar-Bairn finds a new Potentate in Diallos Hoslow , a former Recusant who abandoned Volcano Manor after giving up on his path of revenge. [ 6 ] Despite his disappointment that Diallos is not as strong as the Tarnished, he admires his smooth hands. [ 7 ]
Not long after Diallos becomes Potentate, Jarburg is beset by poachers. Diallos defends the village and fights off the attackers, but many of the jars are broken [ 8 ] and Diallos himself succumbs to his wounds. Jar-Bairn vows to become a warrior like Diallos, so that he can protect everybody. [ 9 ] The Tarnished, having fought and defeated Alexander, offers the young jar his innards , which he uses to become even stronger, deciding to leave the village in search of glory, like his uncle. [ 10 ]
Jarburg Jar-Bairn can be found sitting in front of a house north-west of the Site of Grace. Exhaust his dialogue and decide whether or not to accept his request- the decision does not affect the rest of the questline. After resting at a Site of Grace, speak to him again to exhaust his new dialogue.
Jar-Bairn can be found sitting in front of a house north-west of the Site of Grace. Exhaust his dialogue and decide whether or not to accept his request- the decision does not affect the rest of the questline. After resting at a Site of Grace, speak to him again to exhaust his new dialogue.
Jarburg If you have met Alexander, Warrior Jar, Jar-Bairn will have new dialogue after you rest at a Site of Grace again.
If you have met Alexander, Warrior Jar, Jar-Bairn will have new dialogue after you rest at a Site of Grace again.
Jarburg After reloading the area, speak to him again to receive dialogue about poachers. This dialogue becomes available after Knight Diallos has arrived at Volcano Manor.
After reloading the area, speak to him again to receive dialogue about poachers. This dialogue becomes available after Knight Diallos has arrived at Volcano Manor.
Jarburg After Knight Diallos has left Volcano Manor, return to Jarburg and speak to Jar-Bairn again.
After Knight Diallos has left Volcano Manor, return to Jarburg and speak to Jar-Bairn again.
Jarburg Reload the area six times and speak to Jar-Bairn near the middle of the village. Speak to Diallos and then reload the area and speak to Jar-Bairn once more.
Reload the area six times and speak to Jar-Bairn near the middle of the village. Speak to Diallos and then reload the area and speak to Jar-Bairn once more.
Jarburg After defeating Alexander, Warrior Jar in Crumbling Farum Azula , return to Jarburg and give Jar-Bairn Alexander's Innards. Reload the area, and speak to Jar-Bairn again to receive his final dialogue.
After defeating Alexander, Warrior Jar in Crumbling Farum Azula , return to Jarburg and give Jar-Bairn Alexander's Innards. Reload the area, and speak to Jar-Bairn again to receive his final dialogue.
Jar-Bairn was added to the game as part of Update 1.03. Prior to this, Diallos's questline did not have a conclusion and Alexander's Innards served no purpose.
Jar-Bairn uses お兄ちゃん (older brother) when talking to male characters and お姉ちゃん (older sister) when talking to female characters. Both variations will be included on this page, written as お兄ちゃん / お姉ちゃん

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Hyetta
Lightseeker Hyetta is an NPC in Elden Ring . Hyetta is a mysterious blind woman who roams the Lands Between , following the guidance of the distant light within upon eating Shabriri Grapes . She seeks to become a Finger Maiden upon reaching this “distant light.”
Hello? Is someone there? My name is Hyetta, and I'm journeying in search of the distant light.
Hyetta can be found in various locations as you progress her questline:
Found near the Lake-Facing Cliffs site of grace, in Liurnia of the Lakes . [ Map link ] (Requires receiving Irina's Letter from Irina in the Weeping Peninsula .)
Found on the western side of the Purified Ruins , also in Liurnia of the Lakes . [ Map link ]
Found to the north of the the Gate Town Bridge site of grace, in Liurnia . [ Map link ]
Found in Bellum Church , northeastern Liurnia of the Lakes . [ Map link ]
Found at Frenzied Flame Proscription , far below Leyndell, Royal Capital . [ Map link ]
This NPC moves as you progress her questline.
This NPC can be fought.
If defeated, drops: three Frenzyflame Stone (at location #3).
Killing Irina will prevent Hyetta from spawning.
After talking with Irina in Weeping Peninsula , Hyetta appears next to the Lake-Facing Cliffs site of grace in Liurnia . Hyetta says she roams the Lands Between in search of the distant light, drawn to her destiny by a guiding shine she feels in the back of her eyes when eating Shabriri Grapes . She will ask for one, and if you choose to give her one, she will reward you with the As You Wish gesture . Note: If you've advanced Irina's dialogue far enough to have received her letter, but don't see Hyetta at the Lake-Facing Cliffs site of grace, try resting at (not just teleporting to) that grace.
Note: If you've advanced Irina's dialogue far enough to have received her letter, but don't see Hyetta at the Lake-Facing Cliffs site of grace, try resting at (not just teleporting to) that grace.
Hyetta can next be found a short distance west of the Purified Ruins in Liurnia (outside of the west ruined building, looking out over the lake). She asks for another Shabriri Grape , but does not offer a reward at this time. (NOTE: If she does not appear here, stop by Irina's dead body first. Doing this got her to spawn for me).
Hyetta will now be north of the Gate Town Bridge , Liurnia of the Lakes . She will ask for another Shabriri Grape , and will ask what they really are. Choose to tell her what they are (the quest cannot progress until you tell her). After reloading the area, she will have more dialogue. Exhausting her dialogue here is mandatory, as she will not change locations otherwise.
Hyetta then moves to Bellum Church in Liurnia of the Lakes . She will ask you for a Fingerprint Grape , which is found as a drop from Festering Fingerprint Vyke near the Church of Inhibition . Once given to her, she will thank you and leave.
Hyetta can be finally found at Frenzied Flame Proscription , underneath Leyndell, Royal Capital . Upon accepting the Three Fingers' flame, return to Hyetta and talk to her once more. Exhaust her dialogue, and the Frenzied Flame Seal and five Frenzyflame Stones appear on the ground, completing her questline. Note: Meeting with the Three Fingers will lock you out of all other ending choices, unless Miquella's Needle is used at Dragonlord Placidusax's arena at Crumbling Farum Azula . This removes the Frenzied Flame, and is a permanent reversal.
Note: Meeting with the Three Fingers will lock you out of all other ending choices, unless Miquella's Needle is used at Dragonlord Placidusax's arena at Crumbling Farum Azula . This removes the Frenzied Flame, and is a permanent reversal.
"Hello? Is someone there? My name is Hyetta, and I'm journeying in search of the distant light. If I might be so bold as to ask... would you donate any Shabriri grapes in your possession to me? My eyesight has been weak since birth, you see. I can't tell which way I'm supposed to go next. But when I eat one of those grapes, I can feel a distant light in the back of my eyes. It will lead me, to my true duty, as a Finger Maiden".
(If offered a Shabriri Grape) "Oh, many thanks to you. Now I can feel the distant light once more. You are most kind, indeed. May the blessing of the Fingers be upon you".
After Given a Shabriri Grape at the Purified Ruins
You're not like the others who give me grapes, are you...They rest their trembling hands upon me. Howling wordlessly, they gently stroke my eyes. Their frail fingers, emaciated...Yet still, they give me the grapes. But you...seem somehow...firmer. You are most kind, indeed. May the blessings of the Fingers be upon you.
After Given a Shabriri Grape at the Gate Town Bridge
I wonder, what are Shabiri Grapes? Delectably tender and sweet, yet searing... What sight they must behold. "
After telling her the grapes are actually human eyes
N-no... that's not possible. Not all of those people...their own...so those noises I heard were...- <brief pause, gags> Sorry, I'm alright now. I apologize. You only did what I asked. I'll be fine. Think no more of it. [She begins to hurl as you walk away]
After reloading the same area and talking to her again
Ah, is that you over there? I have gleaned something very important indeed, thanks to you. The reason why it was eyes I had to eat. The distant light is far and frail. So faint it can't be seen by the naked eye. But with everyone's eyes together, it appears. Finally, it all makes sense. I am certain now, I will become a finger maiden.
Asking for a Fingerprint Grape at Bellum Church
Oh hello, is that you over there? Have you ever heard of fingerprint grapes? They're special grapes which only grow on those who've been clasped by the burnt Fingers. I would truly love to try one.... The distant light seems far closer than before. But I can't sense a thing from the usual grapes anymore... Please, could you donate a fingerprint grape to me? Without one I don't know, I feel like I might go mad.
After giving a Fingerprint Grape at Bellum Church
Oh, Oh! A fingerprint grape, tried and true, what a wondrous thing! A fingerprint grape! <chewing noises> Ohh, how sweet, yet, how it burns... <wordless joy> Thank you. I've composed myself again. May the blessings of the Fingers be upon you.
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart. I'm sure I'll be a Finger Maiden.
At Frenzied Flame Proscription
Ah, so you're here as well, are you? ...I realized as we've talked. I'll be a Maiden. And you... surely, a Lord. Go to the door ahead, after divesting yourself of your possessions. It will surely open, and the Three Fingers will welcome you. May the flame of chaos find purchase within you.
After the Tarnished is marked by the Three Fingers
Ahhh, the flame of chaos has nestled within you. Could you please rest your hand upon me? Burn me with the flame, to make me your Maiden...
§ After touching Hyetta
At the Lake-Facing Cliffs site of grace : " You are most kind, indeed. May the blessing of the Fingers be upon you. "
What on earth? I do not wish to cause anyone harm...
(On player kill) Oh, bless the stars. You've chosen to reconsider.
Ahh, the distant light...fades... I'm so sorry, my dears...
Hyetta can count as the maiden mentioned in the White Mask Varré's questline. While killing a maiden is not necessary, you can kill her to cover the Lord of Blood's Favor in blood.
When found at the Frenzied-Flame Proscription, her title is now Finger Maiden Hyetta, showing that she has successfully become a Finger Maiden, albeit one of the Three Fingers' .
Irina and Hyetta have the same face and clothing.
Her quest can still be completed after using Miquella's Needle or completing an ending .
Robe worn by traveling maidens.
Maidens traversed the Lands Between for different reasons. Some to seek audience with the Fingers. Others, to find the Tarnished who they were destined to guide.
A yellowing, oozing eyeball of the infirm. The surface is shriveled, and the inside is squishy, not unlike a large, overly-ripe grape.
Give to the blind maiden to guide her to the distant light.
Eyeball of the knight Vyke, inflamed yellow. Seared with a repulsive fingerprint burn akin to those that marred his entire body.
If offered to the blind maiden, it will lead her to the source of the distant light, allowing her to become a Finger Maiden.
Incantation originating from the maddening Three Fingers. Causes the yellow flame of frenzy to violently burst forth from the caster's eyes. Hold to continue channeling the flame. This incantation can be used while in motion. It is the maddening pain and unstoppable tears of those afflicted with the flame of frenzy brought into being.
A great stone shield with an intricately carved fingerprint design. One of the heaviest of all greatshields. Part of the tomb of an ancient god, the Readerless Fingers relayed their message through these imprints, said to be the very seeds from which frenzy first sprouted.
Formless sacred seal bestowed by the maiden of the Three Fingers. Enhances incantations of the frenzied flame.
This seal is the mark of the Lord of Frenzied Flame. Scales incantations using strength, dexterity, intelligence and faith all together.
My eyesight has been weak since birth, you see. I can't tell which way I'm supposed to go next. But when I eat one of those grapes , I can feel a distant light in the back of my eyes.
- Lightseeker Hyetta
Lightseeker Hyetta is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Hyetta is a blind woman travelling alone through the Lands Between , following a distant light which she believes will lead her to her duty as a Finger Maiden . [ 1 ] To this end, she asks for donations of Shabriri Grapes , which allow her to see the light in the back of her eyes.
Hyetta encounters The Tarnished multiple times in Liurnia of the Lakes , where they may donate any grapes they find to her. During one of these encounters, the Tarnished reveals to her the truth- that the grapes she has been eating are human eyeballs. [ 2 ] Although this repulses her initially [ 3 ] , prompting her to throw up, her resolve returns and she becomes even more determined to become a Finger Maiden, coming to the realisation that with everyone's eyes together, the distant light will become more clear. [ 4 ]
The light seeming closer than ever, Hyetta asks the Tarnished for a Fingerprint Grape , the eye of one who has been clasped by the burned Fingers . [ 5 ] The Tarnished fights and defeats Festering Fingerprint Vyke , a Tarnished who was scorched by the Flame of Frenzy , [ 6 ] and offers his eyeball to Hyetta, who eats it.
The light guides Hyetta to the Frenzied Flame Proscription , far below the capital , where it is revealed that all along she had been guided by Three Fingers . Should the Tarnished allow themselves to be burned by the Flame of Frenzy, Hyetta will relay to them the words of the Three Fingers. She reveals that all that there is came from the One Great , and that every sin and every curse was born of a mistake of the Greater Will . She states the purpose of the Flame of Frenzy: to melt everything away until all is One again. Her body then becomes engulfed in flames, and she dies.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Lake-Facing Cliffs) Hyetta first appears near the Lake-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace. In order for her to appear, you must have completed Irina's questline, meaning Irina must have died. Exhaust her dialogue and give her a Shabriri Grape. The closest grape to this location is inside the rear entrance to Stormveil Castle, the door to which is in the cliff just south of Hyetta's location.
Hyetta first appears near the Lake-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace. In order for her to appear, you must have completed Irina's questline, meaning Irina must have died.
Exhaust her dialogue and give her a Shabriri Grape. The closest grape to this location is inside the rear entrance to Stormveil Castle, the door to which is in the cliff just south of Hyetta's location.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Purified Ruins) Hyetta's next location is close to the Purifying Ruins. She will once again ask for a Shabriri Grape. The closest grape to this location is inside the cellar of the Purified Ruins, east of Hyetta's location, hidden beneath some wooden planks.
Hyetta's next location is close to the Purifying Ruins. She will once again ask for a Shabriri Grape. The closest grape to this location is inside the cellar of the Purified Ruins, east of Hyetta's location, hidden beneath some wooden planks.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Gate Town Bridge) Hyetta will now appear just north of the Gate Town Bridge Site of Grace. She will ask for yet another Shabriri Grape. The final grape is dropped by Edgar the Revenger outside the Revenger's Shack on the west side of the region, north of the Minor Erdtree . After giving her the third grape, you will have the option to tell her that the grapes are human eyes. After hearing her dialogue following this revelation, reload the area and speak to her again in the same spot.
Hyetta will now appear just north of the Gate Town Bridge Site of Grace. She will ask for yet another Shabriri Grape. The final grape is dropped by Edgar the Revenger outside the Revenger's Shack on the west side of the region, north of the Minor Erdtree .
After giving her the third grape, you will have the option to tell her that the grapes are human eyes. After hearing her dialogue following this revelation, reload the area and speak to her again in the same spot.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Bellum Church) Hyetta will be inside the church. After talking to her, she will ask you to bring her a Fingerprint Grape. This can be obtained by defeating Festering Fingerprint Vyke near the Church of Inhibition. Bring Hyetta the grape and exhaust her dialogue.
Hyetta will be inside the church. After talking to her, she will ask you to bring her a Fingerprint Grape. This can be obtained by defeating Festering Fingerprint Vyke near the Church of Inhibition. Bring Hyetta the grape and exhaust her dialogue.
Subterranean Shunning-Grounds (Frenzied Flame Proscription) Hyetta will appear in the Frenzied Flame Proscription, available only after defeating Morgott, the Omen King . After exhausting her dialogue, remove all of your armor and interact with the door past where Hyetta is standing. This will allow you to inherit the Flame of Frenzy (note: this will set you on the path to unlocking the Lord of Frenzied Flame ending) After the cutscene, return to Hyetta and exhaust her dialogue. After speaking to her twice, she will die, leaving the Frenzied Flame Seal and five Frenzyflame Stone .
Hyetta will appear in the Frenzied Flame Proscription, available only after defeating Morgott, the Omen King . After exhausting her dialogue, remove all of your armor and interact with the door past where Hyetta is standing. This will allow you to inherit the Flame of Frenzy (note: this will set you on the path to unlocking the Lord of Frenzied Flame ending)
After the cutscene, return to Hyetta and exhaust her dialogue. After speaking to her twice, she will die, leaving the Frenzied Flame Seal and five Frenzyflame Stone .

---

area: Weeping Peninsula
chapter: 2
name: Irina
Irina is an NPC in Elden Ring . Irina is a blind character wearing a ribbon over her eyes, and a dirty dress stained with blood. She can be encountered just beyond the Bridge of Sacrifice , on the Weeping Peninsula Side. Irina warns you about a rebellion in Castle Morne , and asks you to deliver a letter to her father, commander of the castle forces.
My good father secreted me out the castle, but decided himself to stay. He says it's his duty, as commander.
I... I fear for father's life.
Irina can be found sitting on a rock just beyond the Bridge of Sacrifice , at the start of the main road in eastern Weeping Peninsula . [ Map Link ]
This NPC does not move
This NPC can be fought
If defeated, drops: 500 Runes Irina's Letter Prevent Hyetta from spawning
Prevent Hyetta from spawning
Speak to Irina to receive a letter, " Irina's Letter ," which you need to deliver to her father in Castle Morne at the southern tip of the Weeping Peninsula .
After delivering the letter to Edgar , he will explain that he cannot leave his duties at Castle Morne to visit Irina because he must protect the Grafted Blade Greatsword from being stolen by the Misbegotten . Return to Irina to find an Iron Cleaver embedded in the ground next to her.
After successfully delivering her letter to Edgar , he will lament that he is not able to go to Irina because of his ongoing duties at Castle Morne - he cannot allow the Grafted Blade Greatsword to be stolen by the Misbegotten. NOTE : If you kill Edgar, the questline will progress similarly
NOTE : If you kill Edgar, the questline will progress similarly
Defeat the Leonine Misbegotten and retrieve the sword; Edgar will then thank you and return to Irina. You can then find Edgar next to Irina — talk to him to advance the quest.
Finally, travel to the Revenger's Shack in Western Liurnia and defeat the invader Edgar the Revenger to complete the questline. [ Map Link ]
Hello? Is somebody there? Might I bend your ear for a moment, please. My name is Irina. I've escaped from Castle Morne, to the south. The servants there...have rebelled. I-I can't be sure what it is; my eyesight's been weak since birth you see... But I swear I heard frightful howling from all over. My good father secreted me out the castle, but decided himself to stay. He says it's his duty, as commander.
I... I fear for father's life. The servants are full of wroth. Filled with hatred for every one of us. They've since come for every one of the companions I escaped with. They haven't spared a soul. I fear it's no different at Castle Morne... Please, I implore you. Would you mind taking a letter to my father, at the castle? My sole wish is that he escape, even if his honour should be the price. Please... I just want him to be safe...
Agh! Ah, why on earth? I do not wish to cause anyone harm.
(On player kill) Oh, bless the stars. You've chosen to reconsider.
Father... Please, be safe...
If accepting to deliver the letter
Thank you, dearly. Then please, take this. [Gives Irina's Letter] Deliver it to my father, who remains in the castle, if you please.
Please, if you wouldn't mind. Deliver the letter to my father at the castle. He can be stubborn, but I'm sure he'll come around.
Note: Irina can be killed as a method of anointing the Lord of Blood's Favor, rather than using the other two maidens intended. She does not retaliate with more than a damageless Rejection spell when struck. This method of anointing the favor will not work if she is slain by the Misbegotten during hers and Edgar's storylines. It has no functional impact on hers, Edgar's, or even Varre's dialogue or stories however, as Edgar can still be delivered the letter off her corpse, Varre has no dialogue for killing Irina, and Irina dies shortly after accessing Castle Morne regardless.
Near Irina , on the way to Castle Morne , lies a Hearse ambushed by the Misbegotten . These are, presumably, what is left of Irina's escort. In that Hearse you can find the Morning Star mace.
In that Hearse you can find the Morning Star mace.
At Revenger's Shack , Edgar appears as a hostile invader in the form of Edgar the Revenger , with the shack covered in dead bodies and Raw Meat Dumplings . The bodies don't appear to be Misbegotten , who Edgar swore to slay every last one of, so it is unknown why they were targeted instead.
Irina's appearance and blindness is similar to that of the Hyetta . Her father, Edgar, also drops a Shabriri Grape upon death, which are the items that Hyetta must eat to continue on her path to becoming a finger maiden. Possibly, like Hyetta, Irina was meant to become a finger maiden. It is unclear whether the Shabriri Grape that Edgar drops was something he was simply holding, intended to be given to Irina, or is literally his eyeball. It may be possible that after Irina's death, her body was taken over by Hyetta, just like Yura's body was taken over by Shabriri , after his demise. However, even after meeting Hyetta, Irina's body remains where it is. Irina can be used to bloody the Lord of Blood's Favor item from the White Mask Varre questline if you kill her. Does not work if she is already dead.
It may be possible that after Irina's death, her body was taken over by Hyetta, just like Yura's body was taken over by Shabriri , after his demise. However, even after meeting Hyetta, Irina's body remains where it is.
Irina can be used to bloody the Lord of Blood's Favor item from the White Mask Varre questline if you kill her. Does not work if she is already dead.
Irina of Morne is a possible reference to a similarly named character in Dark Souls III, Irina of Carim , both being blind maidens. Her guardian, Eygon , even wears the Morne's Set, sharing the name with the castle.
Modest garb of traveling maidens, typically worn under their robes.
Letter given by Irina, addressed to her father, the commander of Castle Morne.
Gorgeous silken handkerchief, lightly stained with blood. Words can be made out within.
Fairly large iron cleaver, commonly used by the maltreated Misbegotten.
Steeped in resentment, these weapons are swung wildly and relentlessly, often after rushing up to foes.
I see, from Irina... Thank you. I'm in your debt. But I can't leave yet. Even if the castle should fall, as commander, I must remain. To ensure the treasured sword of Morne does not fall into the wrong hands.
If you see Irina, do tell her. That her father will come for her, once he's fulfilled his duty.
I'm in your debt. I'm no longer bound by duty. Once I've rescued Irina, I will spend my remaining days with her. Thanks to you, I will be reunited with Irina. And devote my remaining days to her. Irina has a gentle nature, though. I only hope it remains intact
Irina... How could this be... My daughter deserved better... The fault lies... with me. I chose duty over my daughter's safety. And that is how fate has answered... I'll find them. The foul wretches responsible for this. I'll hunt them down, and exterminate every last one of them. Rest assured, Irina. It will be done.
My name is Irina. I've escaped from Castle Morne , to the south. The servants there... have rebelled.
Irina of Morne is an NPC character in ELDEN RING (2022) . She is found on the Weeping Peninsula , south of the Bridge of Sacrifice .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Irina is the daughter of Edgar , castellan of Castle Morne . Her eyesight has been weak since birth [ 1 ] , and she wears a blindfold around her eyes.
Irina lived in Castle Morne with her father, until the Misbegotten servants rebelled and overran the castle. [ 2 ] Edgar secreted Irina out of the castle [ 3 ] , however the Misbegotten pursued her and killed her companions. [ 4 ]
Irina encounters a Tarnished at the Bridge of Sacrifice on the Weeping Peninsula , and petitions them to rescue her father from Castle Morne, handing them a letter to deliver to him.
The Tarnished travels to Castle Morne and passes the letter onto Edgar. Once the Leonine Misbegotten has been defeated, Edgar leaves the castle to reunite with his daughter, vowing to devote his remaining days to her. [ 5 ] However, by the time he reaches her location, Irina is already dead. Edgar swears vengeance on those responsible for her death, setting him on a path that eventually leads to his corruption by the Flame of Frenzy . [ 6 ]
Weeping Peninsula (near Bridge of Sacrifice ) Irina can be found sitting on a rock near the Bridge of Sacrifice. Talk to her and accept her request to receive Irina's Letter .
Irina can be found sitting on a rock near the Bridge of Sacrifice. Talk to her and accept her request to receive Irina's Letter .
Castle Morne Find Castellan Edgar in Castle Morne and hand him Irina's Letter, before defeating the Leonine Misbegotten .
Find Castellan Edgar in Castle Morne and hand him Irina's Letter, before defeating the Leonine Misbegotten .
Weeping Peninsula (near Bridge of Sacrifice) Return to Irina after delivering the letter to find her corpse. If you defeated the Leonine Misbegotten, Edgar will also be here. If you rested at a Site of Grace in Liurnia of the Lakes after receiving Irina's Letter, Irina will die even if you have not done the Castle Morne segment of the questline.
Return to Irina after delivering the letter to find her corpse. If you defeated the Leonine Misbegotten, Edgar will also be here.
If you rested at a Site of Grace in Liurnia of the Lakes after receiving Irina's Letter, Irina will die even if you have not done the Castle Morne segment of the questline.
Lightseeker Hyetta shares the same appearance and voice actor as Irina of Morne. She will only appear if Irina's questline has ended with her death at the hands of the Misbegotten. This suggests Hyetta is Irina, possibly after undergoing some form of resurrection or rebirth ritual, similar to Shabriri .
Irina can be killed; however, this will prematurely end her questline and prevent Hyetta from appearing. The main reason for this is to soak the Lord of Blood's Favor in her blood.
The main reason for this is to soak the Lord of Blood's Favor in her blood.
Irina attacks by casting a weak spell resembling Rejection .
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura

---

area: Weeping Peninsula
chapter: 2
name: Edgar the Revenger
Edgar (or Edgar the Revenger, Castellan Edgar) is an NPC in Elden Ring . Edgar is Irina's father and introduces himself as the warden of Castle Morne . He can be found sitting on a bench in a non-hostile area of the ramparts of the castle. His NPC Summon Sign can be used to fight against the Leonine Misbegotten once he has received Irina's Letter .
I'm Edgar, warden of this castle as ordained by Lord Godrick himself. But you can see how things have turned out.
Edgar can be found at Castle Morne in the Weeping Peninsula . [ Map Link ]
To find Edgar: Enter Castle Morne and go up the lift. Go straight, past the Misbegotten on the mound, and turn right at the resting Pumpkin Head . Climb the ladder at the end of the path on the right, up to the ramparts. Follow the path of the ramparts. On the left, past a narrower section, where two flying Misbegotten are hovering, some boxes hide a ladder. Descend the ladder or simply jump down below to another section of the ramparts where some knights are fighting more Misbegotten. Head straight toward the fight, past the gallows, and climb the set of stairs circling up to the next corner of the castle. Edgar will be sitting alone on a bench.
Enter Castle Morne and go up the lift.
Go straight, past the Misbegotten on the mound, and turn right at the resting Pumpkin Head .
Climb the ladder at the end of the path on the right, up to the ramparts.
Follow the path of the ramparts. On the left, past a narrower section, where two flying Misbegotten are hovering, some boxes hide a ladder. Descend the ladder or simply jump down below to another section of the ramparts where some knights are fighting more Misbegotten.
Head straight toward the fight, past the gallows, and climb the set of stairs circling up to the next corner of the castle. Edgar will be sitting alone on a bench.
Edgar may move to the Bridge of Sacrifice , to Irina's location, as part of her questline. [ Map Link ]
This NPC can be fought
If defeated, drops: Banished Knight's Halberd +8 1000 Runes Shabriri Grape (Whatever area he died in must be reloaded - the grape will appear where you usually find him in that area).
Banished Knight's Halberd +8
Shabriri Grape (Whatever area he died in must be reloaded - the grape will appear where you usually find him in that area).
Even after completing Edgar's questline, he will invade your world when visiting the Revenger Shack in Liurnia . He will not invade if he is killed before Hyetta moves to Gate Town Bridge.
Edgar's quest is part of Irina's questline. Speak to Irina near the first site of grace of Weeping Peninsula , and she will ask you to help deliver a letter, " Irina's Letter ", to her father in Castle Morne , at the southern tip of the Weeping Peninsula .
After successfully delivering her letter to Edgar , he will lament that he is not able to go to Irina because of his ongoing duties at Castle Morne - he cannot allow the Grafted Blade Greatsword to be stolen by the Misbegotten. Upon delivering the letter to Edgar, return to Irina to find an Iron Cleaver embedded in the ground next to her dead body. Killing Edgar will progress the questline in the same way.
Upon delivering the letter to Edgar, return to Irina to find an Iron Cleaver embedded in the ground next to her dead body.
Killing Edgar will progress the questline in the same way.
After defeating the Leonine Misbegotten and retrieving the sword, Edgar will thank the player and return to Irina.
Edgar can then be found next to Irina. Talk to him to progress the questline. If the player kills Edgar after talking to him at this location, you receive the Banished Knight's Halberd (+8), however he will not appear as a hostile invader at the revengers shack, and his Shabriri Grape can be obtained by travelling back to this location or reloading the area.
If the player travels to the Revenger's Shack , Edgar will appear as a hostile invader in the form of Edgar the Revenger . If the player defeats him before killing the Leonine Misbegotten, then the player will miss out on Edgar as a summon, and he won't be in his first spot to thank the player and won't appear near Irina's corpse.
Ah, there's a face I've not seen before. I'm Edgar, warden of this castle as ordained by Lord Godrick himself. But you can see how things have turned out. The menials have all rebelled. They gave me good service, or so I thought, but it seems it was all an act. Foul creatures, as it's said. And true enough they're foul inside and out. I'm sorry to disappoint you, But whatever you've come here to do, I'm afraid Castle Morne won't hold much longer. Take this, by way of apology.
Ugh! I haven't a clue what's got into you, but as Lord of this castle, I will stand for it no longer!
Ah, now I see! You had a hand in Irina's undoing! What could she have done to deserve that?
(On player kill) And now even your ilk have complicated matters.
Please forgive me, Lord Godrick.
Forgive me, Irina... I will join you soon enough.
When giving Irina's Letter
I see, from Irina... Thank you. I'm in your debt. But I can't leave yet. Even if the castle should fall, as commander, I must remain. To ensure the treasured sword of Morne does not fall into the wrong hands.
If you see Irina, do tell her. That her father will come for her, once he's fulfilled his duty.
Upon Retrieving the Sword
"I'm in your debt. I'm no longer bound by duty. Once I've rescued Irina, I will spend my remaining days with her. Thanks to you, I will be reunited with Irina. And devote my remaining days to her. Irina has a gentle nature, though. I only hope it remains intact."
On Seeing Irina's Death
"Irina...How could this be...My daughter deserved better...The fault lies...with me. I chose duty over my daughter's safety. And that is how fate has answered...I'll find them. The foul wretches responsible for this. I'll hunt them down, and exterminate every last one of them. Rest assured, Irina. It will be done."
Edgar wears an unobtainable variant of the the Banished Knight Set without a helmet. His unique unaltered Banished Knight Armor appears without ornamental horns.
During combat, Edgar uses a Banished Knight's Halberd (+8) with the Spinning Strikes Ash of War, and a sacred seal, which he uses to cast Golden Vow .
It would appear that Edgar has gone mad due to grief, suffered from losing his daughter, Irena. And it is believed that Hyetta is using Irena's Body somehow; no canon explanation is know thus far, although a few explainations are hypothesized in the wider lore community. The gruesome implications of this information, is that the tarnished goes on to feed Hyetta her Fathers putrefied eyeball after brutally slaughtering him.
Letter given by Irina, addressed to her father, the commander of Castle Morne.
Gorgeous silken handkerchief, lightly stained with blood. Words can be made out within.
A talisman fashioned from a dried twig, so slender that it might snap at the slightest touch. Prevent rune loss upon death, but will be lost itself in exchange.
Believed to be a twig pruned from the Erdtree long, long ago.
The storied sword of Castle Morne. A revenger's weapon, it is burdened with oceans of anger and regret. One of the legendary armaments.
A lone surviving champion from a country now vanished was so determined to continue fighting that he claimed the swords of an entire clan of warriors.
A yellowing, oozing eyeball of the infirm. The surface is shriveled, and the inside is squishy, not unlike a large, overly-ripe grape.
Give to the blind maiden to guide her to the distant light.
"I've escaped from Castle Morne, to the south. The servants there...have rebelled."
"Would you mind taking a letter to my father, at the castle? My sole wish is that he escape, even if his honour should be the price. Please... I just want him to be safe..."
"Ahh, the poor fellow...gone perfectly mad. Love...revenge...the frenzied flame melts it all away..."
I'm Edgar, warden of this castle as ordained by Lord Godrick himself.
Castellan Edgar is an NPC and invader in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Edgar is the warden of Castle Morne , a duty entrusted to him by Godrick the Grafted , who currently presides over Limgrave . Edgar lived in Castle Morne with his daughter, Irina , until the Misbegotten servants rebelled and overran the castle [ 1 ] , stealing the treasured sword of Castle Morne in the process [ 2 ] . Irina escaped along with a number of other inhabitants of the castle, but Edgar remained behind to combat the Misbegotten.
The Tarnished arrives at Castle Morne at the behest of Irina [ 3 ] , and defeats the Misbegotten rebels, reclaiming the Grafted Blade Greatsword in the process. Edgar leaves the castle to seek out his daughter, only to find that she has already been killed.
Edgar succumbs to madness [ 4 ] , and is next encountered by the Tarnished at the Revenger's Shack in Liurnia of the Lakes as an invader. Upon his death, Edgar leaves behind a Shabriri Grape , the eyeball of one consumed by frenzy.
↑ Only appears after reloading the area where he was killed.
Castle Morne Edgar can be found atop a tower in Castle Morne. Showing him Irina's Letter will prompt him to tell you about the sword stolen by the Misbegotten. This will also make him available as a summonable ally against the Leonine Misbegotten boss.
Edgar can be found atop a tower in Castle Morne. Showing him Irina's Letter will prompt him to tell you about the sword stolen by the Misbegotten. This will also make him available as a summonable ally against the Leonine Misbegotten boss.
Castle Morne After defeating the Leonine Misbegotten, return to Edgar and exhaust his dialogue.
After defeating the Leonine Misbegotten, return to Edgar and exhaust his dialogue.
Weeping Peninsula (near Bridge of Sacrifices) Edgar will be standing over Irina's body. Exhaust his dialogue. If the player killed Irina, Edgar will be hostile.
Edgar will be standing over Irina's body. Exhaust his dialogue.
If the player killed Irina, Edgar will be hostile.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Revenger's Shack) Edgar will invade as Edgar the Revenger, as you approach the shack.
Edgar will invade as Edgar the Revenger, as you approach the shack.
Several Misbegotten corpses can be found close to the Revenger's Shack, implying that Edgar killed them for their part in Irina's death.
Edgar at the Revenger's Shack.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Boc the Seamster
Boc the Seamster is an NPC in Elden Ring . Boc is a Demi-Human who is capable of advanced communication. Boc is initially met by the player in the form of a small tree.
Once you have completed Boc's questline, he appears at Graces in the Altus Plateau, and allows you to Alter equipment without paying the standard 500 rune fee. Boc does not provide any new or different alterations.
Boc the Seamster, at your service.
Ready to make adjustments to your garments.
Boc the Seamster can be found in multiple locations:
Boc the Seamster is first encountered east of the telescope that is south of Agheel Lake North Site of Grace in Limgrave . He is disguised as a small tree and will call out to you upon approaching. [ Map Link ]
After meeting him the first time, Boc will move to the Coastal Cave in western Limgrave . You will find him on the ground right next to the Site of Grace. [ Map Link ] After giving Boc the Seamster the Sewing Needle at this second location, he will be able to appear at the following remaining four locations, depending on furthest Site of Grace that the player has rested at. Resting at any of the Site of Graces listed below will make him appear there, in ascending order. At all the following locations, he will now offer his service of altering garments. At all the following locations except Lake-Facing Cliffs, Boc can be given the Gold Sewing Needle , if you're carrying alterable boss armor (e.g. Radahn's Lion Armor , Lord of Blood's Robe ).
After giving Boc the Seamster the Sewing Needle at this second location, he will be able to appear at the following remaining four locations, depending on furthest Site of Grace that the player has rested at. Resting at any of the Site of Graces listed below will make him appear there, in ascending order. At all the following locations, he will now offer his service of altering garments. At all the following locations except Lake-Facing Cliffs, Boc can be given the Gold Sewing Needle , if you're carrying alterable boss armor (e.g. Radahn's Lion Armor , Lord of Blood's Robe ).
At all the following locations, he will now offer his service of altering garments.
At all the following locations except Lake-Facing Cliffs, Boc can be given the Gold Sewing Needle , if you're carrying alterable boss armor (e.g. Radahn's Lion Armor , Lord of Blood's Robe ).
He can be found kneeling by the Lake-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace, north of Stormveil Castle in Liurnia of the Lakes .  You have to rest at the Lake-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace for him to appear. [ Map Link ]
He can be found kneeling by the East Raya Lucaria Gate Site of Grace (southwest most point of the Bellum Road). You have to rest at the East Raya Lucaria Gate Site of Grace for him to appear. Map Link
He can be found kneeling by the Altus Highway Junction Site of Grace in Altus Plateau . You have to rest at the Altus Highway Junction Site of Grace for him to appear. [ Map Link ]
He can be found kneeling by the East Capital Rampart Site of Grace in Leyndell Royal Capital . You have to rest at the East Capital Rampart Site of Grace for him to appear. Map Link
The questline now branches in one of three ways. You can either: Give him a Larval Tear , and upon resting, he will move next to Rennala . He will not respond when talked to. If you rest again, the questline will end. Perform the "You're Beautiful" Prattling Pate in front of him, then discuss it. Do neither of the options above. This will move him right outside of Raya Lucaria Grand Library , ending the questline.
Give him a Larval Tear , and upon resting, he will move next to Rennala . He will not respond when talked to. If you rest again, the questline will end.
Perform the "You're Beautiful" Prattling Pate in front of him, then discuss it.
Do neither of the options above. This will move him right outside of Raya Lucaria Grand Library , ending the questline.
After choosing the "You're Beautiful" branch, telling him he's beautiful when he asks and making progress in Leyndell, Boc relocates to the East Capital Rampart Site of Grace.
Upon first encounter, northwest of the Murkwater Bridge , Boc is disguised as a tree and calling for help. If you perform an attack on the tree, the spell breaks and Boc returns to its original form. He will then narrate how he was expelled from his cave and had everything he owned taken, humbly rewarding you with x10 Mushrooms , which is everything he currently has. However, he states that if you wait, he could sneak back into the cave and retrieve some of his belongings, which could make him useful to you.
The second encounter with Boc is at Coastal Cave , within a few steps into the entrance tunnel, right besides the Coastal Cave Site of Grace. [ Map Link ] He is lying on the floor as he's been beaten up when trying to recover his belongings. In order to help him you must venture inside the cave. But beware, however, as there are many Demi-Humans ahead, and these creatures tend to attack in groups. At one point in Coastal Cave you'll reach the Demi-Humans' settlement, where you will encounter even more enemies and two Demi-Human Chief bosses. Upon defeat, these Bosses will drop Boc's belongings:
Go back to Boc The Seamster at Coastal Cave's entrance and deliver the tools to him. He will thank you and after you move, he'll no longer be at that location.
NOTE: It is also fine to defeat the Demi-Human Chiefs first and then encounter Boc by the Murkwater Bridge afterwards. Exhaust his dialogue and then return to the cave to give him the sewing materials.
You can later find Boc The Seamster at the Lake-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace in Liurnia of the Lakes . He is glad to see you and offers to make adjustments to your garments.
From now on, he will be able to alter the garments of the player.
Some armor pieces can be changed to an alternative design. This service is free of charge. This will lower the stats of the affected armor piece, but for the most part is cosmetic as the stat drop is generally very minor. (This function basically removes the cape from armor pieces.)
His quest can be continued if these three conditions are met:
Retrieve the Gold Sewing Needle from the Church of Vows on the east side of Liurnia of the Lakes .
Buy at least one piece of legendary boss armor that can be altered from Finger Reader Enia at the Roundtable Hold . Note that only demigod armor counts as "legendary", so armor such as Briar Armor won't work despite being alterable and sold by Enia.
You have spoken to Melina about Boc at the East Raya Lucaria Gate Site of Grace.
This enables the option to give him the Gold Sewing Needle, which makes it possible to alter legendary armor as well. If you do not have the option to give him the gold sewing needle then, either:
You do not have the Gold Sewing Needle in your inventory
You do not have legendary armor that can be altered in your inventory. Remember, like all the other (non-boss) armor found in the game, not all of it can be altered. Same rule applies to Boc and the gold needle. In addition, only armor worn by demigods is considered legendary.
NOTE : You can skip seeing him here and still find him at later at different locations, depending on progress.
Boc will leave the Lake-Facing Site of Grace after Accessing Raya Lucaria Academy and move to the East Raya Lucaria Gate Site of Grace. After speaking with him here and resting at the Site of Grace, you will then have the option to speak with Melina, who will remark on Boc.
He can be found at Altus Plateau at the Altus Highway Junction Site of Grace.
He can be found at Altus Plateau next to the East Capital Ramparts Site of Grace.
If not done at this point, this is the last location Boc the Seamster will appear and stay at, until giving him the Gold Sewing Needle .
If he now (or at any other possible location before) received the Gold Sewing Needle, his quest will continue and he will remark about his ugly appearance and asks your opinion on it. He will imply his desire to be rebirthed by Rennala .
You have different choices how to proceed:
You can give him a Larval Tear , and upon resting, he will move next to Rennala . He will be reborn into a human form, and he will not respond when talked to. If you rest again, he will die.
Alternatively, you can perform the "You're Beautiful" Prattling Pate in front of him (found in Hermit Village at Mt.Gelmir ), then discuss it.
Using the Prattling Pate in front of him removes the option to give him a Larval Tear. Choose either to give him a Larval Tear OR use the Prattling Pate.
NOTE: Considering Boc is located in Altus Plateau East Capital Ramparts Site of Grace, after you burn the Erdtree in Forge of the Giants and defeated Maliketh , Boc will apparently disappear from the game when you open your map (his NPC icon will no longer appear). This is due to Leyndell undergoing changes after this event, with some Sites of Grace disappearing from Leyndell. However, Boc will still be in the same location he was, you just need to reach the location and light the grace once more, allowing you to finish whatever questline you were doing for him.
"Oi! You there! Could you help us out, cully? You, yeah, you there! Stop pretending you can't see me".
"Why won't anyone look me in the eye? I'm not that ugly".
If attacking the tree in which Boc was turned into
"Ow! What'd you go and do that for! Hm? Oh, yes, I remember. Some clod turned me into a tree. You were just breaking the spell, weren't you. Thank you. The name's Boc. I was pushed out of the cave. Told not to come back, not ever. Then I ended up as a tree. Lucky you came along, really. Boc the seamster, at your service, Master".
"Oh, what a shame. When they threw me out of the cave, they took everything I owned, and so this is all I have to express my thanks. I hope you can forgive me". [Hands over x10 Mushroom ]
"Or, if you can afford to wait for a while, I could sneak back into the cave, and bring back something of actual value. Then I'd be of some real use to you, I reckon".
"Right, but I'll need a moment. I-I'm frightened of them... So I have to gather myself. My knees start knockin'...just thinking bout that god-awful cave on the shore".
"Oh... It...hurts..."
"Oh, what are you doing here? You must leave this place at once. They'll rush in and beat you to a pulp. You'll end up just like me".
"Boc the Seamster, at your service. Ready to make adjustments to your garments".
Giving the Sewing Needle
"Wait, is that what I think it is? You got it back for me? My sewing needle! What made you go and do a thing like that.... My mum was a seamstress...and that sewing kit was all I had to remember her by. I always wanted to be just like sweet old Mum.  Then, I suppose I-I can't just curl up and die, can I?"
After receiving the Sewing Needle
"Thank you. You're very kind".
At Lake-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace
"Good to see you! Master. Do you remember me? Boc, the demi-human. You helped me before, and retrieved my sewing needle. Please, master. Allow me to serve you, as your seamster. I can't make nothing from scratch, but... I'm happy to make adjustments to your garments". [Don't tell me...] "Master, I was wondering... Do you ever...make adjustments to your garb yourself? I would, well, rather you let me do the job when possible, please. I don't ask anything in return, you know, and, well... I am your personal seamster, after all!".
[Don't tell me...] "Master, I was wondering... Do you ever...make adjustments to your garb yourself? I would, well, rather you let me do the job when possible, please. I don't ask anything in return, you know, and, well... I am your personal seamster, after all!".
"Master, I was wondering... Do you ever...make adjustments to your garb yourself? I would, well, rather you let me do the job when possible, please. I don't ask anything in return, you know, and, well... I am your personal seamster, after all!".
Did you see it? At East Capital Rampart
"Master, did  you see it? Th-the Erdtree? I, oh, I don't really have the words for this...But I was so dazzled, I felt something stir, in my breast. The Erdtree is waiting for you, Master. I know it, I do. I feel it in my bones".
"Oh, going so soon? Please, do be safe on your journey".
"Your wardrobe includes the garb of old demigods, and I'm afraid I can't make adjustments to them. My mum told me once. That a royal seamster would do them up in a jiffy. Just wait, master. Before long, I'll be that good, too!"
After receiving the Gold Sewing Needle
"Thank you kindly. But what on earth could it... Oh! Amazing! I've never seen a golden needle, not in all my life! With a spectacular royal crest, to boot... Are you certain that this is for me? Oh, I can hardly believe it. Have faith in me, Master! I'll polish my craft enough that I deserve this golden gift! I'll be the golden seamster, Boc! Now I'll be able to sew anything, even the threads of the demigods!"
I have a favor to ask
"Would you mind if I called you lord? I heard that you and the other Tarnished seek the throne of the Elden Lord. Well, I know that you will be the one, and you'd make just the manner of kind hearted lord that I'd wish for. So, please, if you would. Allow me to call you lord."
(If you say yes): "M'lord, m'lord, m'lord! Please become Elden Lord. And please, let I, Boc the seamster, remain at your side." [You receive the "My Lord" Gesture ]
Surely she'd be happy for you?
"That I'm as good as any royal seamster, now. Oh, it's still not enough. I need to learn how to sew from scratch, like her."
Have you ever thought so?
"Well, they say that Rennala of Raya Lucaria has the power to help people be reborn. Oh? Me? Reborn? Oh, look at me. When you're this ugly... well being reborn? It would hardly make a difference, I'm afraid."
What do you really think?
"In all honesty, what do you think of me? Am I fit to serve a lord such as you, in all my ugliness? Must I be reborn, no matter what ill fate awaits me? Oh, I'm such a fool. I don't even have answers to the simplest of questions"
After receiving a Larval Tear
"Oh! Oh! It can't be... For my rebirth? But these are precious, are you certain that it's for me? Oh... M'lord how did you know? It was my only wish, that I might honour you with a decent appearance."
"I'm off to see Rennala of Raya Lucaria. I'll be reborn, fresh and new."
After hearing the Prattling Pate "You're Beautiful"
"Thank you very much. Mum was always the only one who said I was beautiful. And now, my dear lord let me hear her voice. Please, if I may dream, just once... Do you feel the same way my mum did m'lord? Do you think I'm beautiful, despite these looks?"
(If you say yes): "M'lord, my dear lord... I, Boc the seamster, am forever in your service. May the throne of Elden Lord be yours."
(If you say no): "No, why on earth would you? It was silly of me to ask. Please, forget that I did. But I beg, don't renounce me for my appearance. One day, I'll look every bit the servant." [The voice was mine.] "Master... kind Master... I, Boc the Seamster, am forever in your service."
[The voice was mine.] "Master... kind Master... I, Boc the Seamster, am forever in your service."
"Master... kind Master... I, Boc the Seamster, am forever in your service."
(Before starting his quest) "Mum... I've... I've let you down"
(Warning) "Ow! M-m'lord? Is something wrong? It's me! Boc, the seamster!"
(Combat) "Oh, my... M'lord, is that the truth, your heart of hearts? My, oh my... Ah... aaah!"
(On player kill) "M'lord... What have I done?"
"M'lord... I've failed you... please, forgive me."
Voiced by Actor Calvin A. Dean
Boc was featured in the Elden Ring Network Test at the same location.
Boc wears the Aristocrat Hat and uses the Great Knife during combat.
Boc can be killed with one hit. Once killed, Boc will not respawn, even after using Celestial Dew .
Despite Boc's questline involving you turning over the Sewing Needle and Tailoring Tools , you are still able to perform alterations at any Site of Grace, as the Tailoring Tools will stay in your inventory. Boc will offer the same services, simply as an alternative. The advantage of alterations done by Boc over a Site of Grace is that Boc will not charge you for altering clothing. Using the Tailoring Tools at a site of grace will cost Runes each time an alteration is made.
The advantage of alterations done by Boc over a Site of Grace is that Boc will not charge you for altering clothing. Using the Tailoring Tools at a site of grace will cost Runes each time an alteration is made.
Once you obtain a demi-god armor set, you can ask Boc why he does not offer altering demi-god's garments with the "I'm sorry..." option. He will then provide input as to why he doesn't alter those garments due to what his mother used to tell him, and that maybe he may become good enough to do so someday.
Thanks to the latest Patch, he is easier to find in Limgrave, now that his voice triggers from a farther distance from before. An Arteria Leaf was also placed near him to lure players to hear him.
Specific Helmets and Body Armor pieces in Elden Ring can be altered when have the required Items for altering. You will need a Sewing Needle and Tailoring Tools to be able to perform alterations to your basic garments. The Gold Sewing Needle is required in order to be able to alter demigod armor pieces.
Both Sewing Needle and Tailoring Tools items can be obtained from the Demi-Human Chief , located in Coastal Cave , western Limgrave . Map Link . This is a boss encounter. Defeat the Demi-Human Chief and it will drop these items. With these tools you can now rest at any Site of Grace to access your options and you should have the option to Alter Garments. This should display your Armor pieces before and after Alterations. Select which garment to alter. Altering will also cost runes, so make sure you are happy with the alterations before confirming. Altering your garments with Boc, however, will be free, but you will need to progress through his questline before this action is available.
To gain access to Boc's altering services, go through his questline until he moves to the Lake Facing Cliffs Site of Grace. You will first need to locate him northwest of the Murkwater Bridge , Boc is disguised as a tree and calling for help. If you perform an attack on the tree, the spell breaks and Boc returns to its original form. You will then need to give him the Sewing Needle and Tailoring Tools . He will be at the Coastal Cave . After giving him his supplies he will then move to Liurnia of the Lakes where the Lake-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace is. He will now offer his seamster services to you for free.
Glintstone staff styled as a scepter. A gift once given to the demi-humans to foster peace, it can be wielded even by those of low intelligence.
Sneered at by fools in the academy.
A club with beast fangs wrapped around the striking end. The uneven spread of fangs causes blood loss.
Given only to the toughest of demi-humans, this weapon is a badge of honor. Or so the demi-humans believe.
A large sewing needle, curved like a fang.
Boc the demi-human's prized possession.
Sewing needle made of gold. Unique item made to alter demigod attire. One of the tools brought by Radagon when he entered into marriage with Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon, and joined the Carian line.
Robe worn by young academy scholars, the juveniles birthed anew by the amber egg of Queen Rennala, the head of Raya Lucaria Academy.
Yet their rebirth is not without imperfections, and thus do they repeat the process, eventually becoming utterly dependent upon it.
Rebirth is as sleep to them, and with each awakening, memory fades into oblivion.
Twisted clay sculpt in the shape of a demi-human head. Emits a voice that says "You're beautiful."
A wistful fetish that imparts voices and words on an eternal journey.
Unconditional love. Unrestrained assurance. It must have been a mother speaking.
Your seamster, Boc... He is always eager to see your return. Please, will you talk to him, when you can? I'm sure he would be much contented.
Your seamster, Boc... I see him crying, from time to time. I think he misses his mother. He wants someone to tell him he's beautiful.
Does being born of a mother... Mean one behaves in such a manner?
I, Boc the seamster, am forever in your service. May the throne of Elden Lord be yours.
Boc the Seamster or Demi-Human Boc is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) . He offers the player the ability to modify their garments , free of charge.
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Boc is a demi-human seamster from Limgrave . He was very close to his mother , a seamstress, until her passing. Inspired by her, Boc aspired to follow in her footsteps and inherited her sewing kit . He lived with a demi-human tribe in a Coastal Cave on the western coast of Limgrave, but at some point, he was cast out by his kin . Lost and isolated, Boc was transformed into a bush by a spell .
A Tarnished came across Boc and broke the spell, freeing him. Grateful, Boc offered to sneak back into the cave where he had been exiled to retrieve something precious with which to repay his champion. However, his former tribe discovered him and beat him mercilessly. When the champion found Boc again, he warned them not to enter the cave. Ignoring his warning, the champion avenged Boc and recovered his mother's cherished sewing needle . Moved by their kindness, Boc vowed to become a seamster like his mother.
Boc next encounters the champion in Liurnia of the Lakes , where he humbly offers his services as the champion's personal seamster. He will trace the champion's footsteps, following them to the Altus Plateau and the Royal Capital . Boc remains in awe of his master, and as the Tarnished champion draws closer to the throne of the Elden Lord , Boc will begin to refer to them as a lord.
Even though Boc is given a golden needle worthy of a master seamster, allowing him to perform modifications to the grab of the demigods themselves, Boc remains terribly self-conscious and bothered by his appearance. He asks his master whether they think he is ugly and expresses an interest in being reborn by Queen Rennala . Should the Tarnished champion aid Boc in fulfilling his wish to be reborn, Boc will travel to the Academy of Raya Lucaria and will be reborn a human through her powers. However, like many of those reborn by Rennala, the process goes awry, and Boc dies shortly thereafter.
Instead, the Tarnished champion may find a Prattling Pate which speaks with the voice of Boc's deceased mother, and tells him he's beautiful. Upon hearing this, Boc will be contented and will continue faithfully serving his lord.
Limgrave Boc can be found in the form of a small tree near Gatefront Ruins. He will call out until you attack or roll into the tree, reversing the illusion and causing him to transform back.
Boc can be found in the form of a small tree near Gatefront Ruins. He will call out until you attack or roll into the tree, reversing the illusion and causing him to transform back.
Limgrave (Coastal Cave) Boc can be found lying on the ground beside the Site of Grace at the start of the dungeon. Defeating the Demi-Human Chief dual boss of the area will reward you with the Sewing Needle, which can be given to Boc.
Boc can be found lying on the ground beside the Site of Grace at the start of the dungeon. Defeating the Demi-Human Chief dual boss of the area will reward you with the Sewing Needle, which can be given to Boc.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Lake-facing Cliffs) (Optional) Boc will be next to the Site of Grace. He will offer to make alterations to your equipment free of charge.
(Optional) Boc will be next to the Site of Grace. He will offer to make alterations to your equipment free of charge.
Liurnia of the Lakes (East Raya Lucaria Gate) (Optional) Boc can be given the Gold Sewing Needle, which allows him to alter Demigod equipment. He can be given the item in subsequent steps of his questline instead if this step is missed.
(Optional) Boc can be given the Gold Sewing Needle, which allows him to alter Demigod equipment. He can be given the item in subsequent steps of his questline instead if this step is missed.
Altus Plateau (Altus Highway Junction) (Optional) Boc will ask if he can call you Lord at this point if he has already been given the Gold Sewing Needle. Agreeing will unlock the " My Lord " gesture.
(Optional) Boc will ask if he can call you Lord at this point if he has already been given the Gold Sewing Needle. Agreeing will unlock the " My Lord " gesture.
Leyndell, Royal Capital (East Capital Rampart) If Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon has been defeated, Boc will ask for a Larval Tear. Giving him a Larval Tear will move him to Raya Lucaria Grand Library. He will appear kneeling on the ground in human form, unresponsive. Upon reloading the area, he will be dead. Refusing to give him a Larval Tear will unlock the dialogue option "What do you really think?". Selecting this option will cause him to die just outside Raya Lucaria Grand Library. Using Prattling Pate "You're Beautiful" in front of him will prevent him from dying. He will remain at East Capital Rampart for the rest of the game.
If Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon has been defeated, Boc will ask for a Larval Tear.
Giving him a Larval Tear will move him to Raya Lucaria Grand Library. He will appear kneeling on the ground in human form, unresponsive. Upon reloading the area, he will be dead.
Refusing to give him a Larval Tear will unlock the dialogue option "What do you really think?". Selecting this option will cause him to die just outside Raya Lucaria Grand Library.
Using Prattling Pate "You're Beautiful" in front of him will prevent him from dying. He will remain at East Capital Rampart for the rest of the game.
Note: This dialogue includes variations for Boc calling the player master (ご主人さま) and lord (わが王よ).

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Merchant Kalé
Merchant Kalé is a Merchant and NPC in Elden Ring . Merchant Kalé can be found in Limgrave : Church of Elleh , soon after emerging from the Stranded Graveyard at the start of the game, you’ll see a building to the North which is the Church of Elleh.
See Merchant Kalé Lore
You are a Tarnished, I can see it. And I can also see... That you're not after my throat. Then why not purchase a little something?
Found within the structure of the Church of Elleh in Limgrave . This is north from the first Site of Grace the player encounters after exiting the Fringefolk Hero's Grave underground dwelling. [ Map Link ]
This merchant does not move
This merchant can be fought
If defeated, drops: 500 Runes "Finger Snap" Gesture Kalé's Bell Bearing
"Finger Snap" Gesture
You are a Tarnished, I can see it. And I can also see... That you're not after my throat. Then why not purchase a little something? I am Kale, Purveyor of fine goods.
I am of a nomadic people. Selling wares as I travel. The land has been tainted by madness since the shattering of the Elden Ring. It's only Tarnished like yourself who keep things from drying up entirely. Let's say you're a very welcome customer.
You know, if you can spare the runes, you should buy yourself a crafting kit. A crafting kit allows you to make basic items on your own. Essential really, if you intend to survive out here for any duration. The kit costs a bundle, and I admit, I do take my cut. But the important thing is that you survive. Every customer counts, after all.
I'm glad you took my warning to heart. You've made an excellent choice. (after you buy the recommendation)
There are other of my people who yet survive in these lands. If the mood takes you when you meet one, then offer them some trade, won't you? My people, wanderers all, have long been spurned by the grace of gold. Which is why we cannot settle, but instead are forced into this pitiful, unceasing journey. But thanks to that, things are not so different for us now, though the Elden Ring is shattered. I think this makes us kindred spirits of sorts Your people, the Tarnished, and mine.
Perhaps you don't need to hear this, but... See that no harm comes to my kin. We have a saying, we wanderers. Lament not your solitude. Expect no sympathy. No regard. Nothing. But if anyone dares harm us, show them no mercy. That is our code, so to speak. Just the way we are. Deeply... unforgiving.
Howling in the Mistwood
"The howl of a wolf, in the Mistwood...I suppose he must still be skulking about...Mmm, I know. Why not meet him for yourself? Next time you hear the wolf's howl, make this signal right under the source. Oh, don't fret, there is nothing to fear. I just have an inkling the two of you might hit it off. "
"Oh, then you met Blaidd, did you? Wonderful. I'm glad I pointed you in his direction. He's boorish, blunt, and couldn't find his nose with both hands, but he's a good egg. I think the two of you are sure to find the best in one another."
I knew you for a highwayman all along. Then it's time you learnt a lesson. Our people will not stand for your barbarism!
(On player kill) Is that all you were, mate?
Is this... how it ends? I'll never find...
Wait, weren't you? Well, you're back... Care to buy something?
What is it? Still going to purchase something?
Good-bye. Nice to do business.
Merchant Kale can be found in the Church of Elleh in Limgrave . Instructions and the Map information to his location can be found in the location section above.
Upon travelling to the Mistwood Ruins and hearing a wolf's howl, Kalé get's a new dialogue option that unlocks the "Finger Snap" gesture, providing it without the need to kill him.
Merchant Kalé was also a part of the Closed Network Test.
Merchant Kalé had a fully voiced questline that was cut during development. The questline would have involved Kalé teaching you about the Grand Caravan, a group of merchants that he once belonged to that now are scattered across the world. The quest would have concluded with Kalé going to the Subterranean Shunning Grounds and informing of the merchant massacre that occured there. Stating that the Grand Caravan worshipped the Frenzied Flame, and were subsequently put to death for doing so. Kalé states he still resents the Golden Order for committing such a vile act, and that his devotion to the Three Fingers remains firm. It is unknown why the quest was cut, but unused voice lines are still in the files.
It is unknown why the quest was cut, but unused voice lines are still in the files.
Finery of the nomadic merchants. Decorated with tiny gems in a wide spectrum of colors.
These merchants once thrived as the Great Caravan, but after being accused of heretical beliefs, their entire clan was rounded up and buried alive far underground.
Then, they chanted a curse of despair, and summoned the flame of frenzy.
Leather bag containing a pestle and mortar, small blade, and various other tools.
Enables item crafting from the main menu.
Provides both means to fight and means to survive.
Merchant Kalé's bell bearing, found upon his perished flesh.
Offer to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to gain access to new items.
Who goes there? Kalé sent you, did he? Ever the bloody busybody. Hmm. Maybe to him, you don't seem so strange. The name's Blaidd. I'm looking for a man who goes by "Darriwil." He fled somewhere nearby. Or so I've heard. Come tell me if you find him before I do. I can offer you ample reward.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Patches
Patches the Untethered is a Merchant , NPC , and Boss in Elden Ring . He is a self-proclaimed Tarnished . Patches is a recurring character in From Software games, usually playing the part of a trickster. He can be found in Murkwater Cave . This is an optional boss as players do not need to defeat him to advance.
During combat, when Patches reaches half health, he will surrender. If the surrender is accepted, he will open up a shop in Murkwater Cave.
Thought you'd just help yourself to a man's personal belongings?
Patches can be found in various locations as players progress through the world, and as they advance his questline:
He is initially found in Murkwater Cave in Limgrave as a boss, though he will surrender partway through the fight and become a merchant.
Upon journeying into Liurnia , he will move there and can be found at the Scenic Isle Site of Grace .
Once the Altus Plateau has been reached, he will move to Mt. Gelmir , west of the First Mt. Gelmir Campsite Site of Grace.
If the player joins Volcano Manor , he will show up in the entrance hall.
After Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy is defeated, he will move to the Shaded Castle , on the bridge leading to Elemer of the Briar .
After defeating Elemer, Patches will return to Murkwater Cave as a boss. Wait some seconds and he will stop attacking after realizing it's you, awarding the Patches Crouch Gesture . Reload the area and he'll reopen his shop.
NOTE: If Patches is not present at any of the above locations, and the player has defeated Rykard without speaking to Patches as part of Tanith’s quests, then the player may find Patches bell bearing and personal items at the Gelmir rock bridge near where he kicked you off in the past.
Can be summoned to assist with Starscourge Radahn , though he will immediately leave.
This NPC can be fought (Except in Volcano Manor, as combat is disabled)
If defeated, drops: 800 Runes Spear +7 Leather Armor Leather Gloves Leather Boots Patches' Bell Bearing
Patches' Bell Bearing
If Patches is killed during his initial fight, players will lose out on having him available as a merchant for the rest of that playthrough. However, his Bell Bearing can be given to the Twin Maiden Husks , who will then sell his items.
Patches can be found at the end of Murkwater Cave , past the Highwayman bandits. You have to open the chest to trigger the fight. [ Map Here ]
Patches will surrender after half of his health is left. Stop attacking him to accept his surrender. If you repeatedly attack him while he is trying to surrender, he will become aggressive again.
If you speak to Patches after accepting his surrender, he will ask if you forgive him. Your choice only affects what he says in response; he will become friendly regardless. From this point forward, you can attack Patches three times to make him become aggressive again. If you allow him to reduce your HP to one quarter, he will offer to spare you if you use Grovel for Mercy gesture, and teach you the Extreme Repentance gesture. If you perform it before he kills you, he will accept your surrender and become friendly again.
From this point forward, you can attack Patches three times to make him become aggressive again. If you allow him to reduce your HP to one quarter, he will offer to spare you if you use Grovel for Mercy gesture, and teach you the Extreme Repentance gesture. If you perform it before he kills you, he will accept your surrender and become friendly again.
Whether you forgive him or not, Patches invites you to come back later, at which point he will open his shop. There is a new chest there, which you can ask him about. Opening the chest will reveal a trap set up by Patches that teleports you near to Mistwood Ruins . You can go back to the Patches and talk to him. After that you will get a Calm Down gesture.
You can go back to the Patches and talk to him. After that you will get a Calm Down gesture.
If you have already joined Volcano Manor at this point, then you will skip the next couple of locations and continue the quest at the manor.
When the player reaches Liurnia , Patches will leave Murkwater Cave and set up camp at the Scenic Isle Site of Grace , which is a raised isle in the southern parts of Liurnia's swamp. [ Map Link ] Upon relocating to this area, he will sell an unlimited amount of Fan Daggers , as will his bell bearing . Here, he will recommend the player allow themselves to be captured by an Abductor Virgin with unique transpositional powers, saying it will transport them to the base of the Erdtree. The Abductor Virgin is located at the bottom of the waterwheel in the middle of Raya Lucaria Academy . However, in true Patches fashion, the Abductor Virgin instead teleports you to the fiery inquisition chambers of Volcano Manor , where you cannot warp out until resting at a Site of Grace. Ironically, this does put you closer to your goal, as it is one possible method of reaching the Altus Plateau , though you will have to defeat the Abductor Virgins duo boss first. If you don't already have the Calm Down gesture by this point, returning to Patches without escaping to the Altus Plateau (and thus triggering his move to Mt. Gelmir ) will grant you the gesture.
Upon relocating to this area, he will sell an unlimited amount of Fan Daggers , as will his bell bearing .
Here, he will recommend the player allow themselves to be captured by an Abductor Virgin with unique transpositional powers, saying it will transport them to the base of the Erdtree. The Abductor Virgin is located at the bottom of the waterwheel in the middle of Raya Lucaria Academy . However, in true Patches fashion, the Abductor Virgin instead teleports you to the fiery inquisition chambers of Volcano Manor , where you cannot warp out until resting at a Site of Grace. Ironically, this does put you closer to your goal, as it is one possible method of reaching the Altus Plateau , though you will have to defeat the Abductor Virgins duo boss first.
If you don't already have the Calm Down gesture by this point, returning to Patches without escaping to the Altus Plateau (and thus triggering his move to Mt. Gelmir ) will grant you the gesture.
Once the player sets foot in the Altus Plateau, Patches will move to Mt. Gelmir, close to the cliff west of the First Mt. Gelmir Campsite grace. There, he has left a message on the nearby stone bridge, as well as a trail of colorful Rainbow Stones to lure you to the edge of the cliff. When speaking with him, he just says that he's doing nothing suspicious at all, and will direct you towards the glowing stones. Upon following his trail of Rainbow Stones to the edge of the cliff, a cutscene will trigger in which Patches will kick you down the cliff and tell you to avoid Volcano Manor . If returned to, he will warn the player again, and teach the Calm Down gesture if it has not already been received. To be more precise about his location: go from the message (the message is right behind the Mad Pumpkin Head ) to the first glowing stone, then to the second glowing stone. Jump down to the third glowing stone and look southeast; Patches should now be in view. [ Map Link ] It should be noted that at this point in his questline, his shop will not be open.
To be more precise about his location: go from the message (the message is right behind the Mad Pumpkin Head ) to the first glowing stone, then to the second glowing stone. Jump down to the third glowing stone and look southeast; Patches should now be in view. [ Map Link ]
It should be noted that at this point in his questline, his shop will not be open.
After joining Volcano Manor, Patches can be found in the entrance hallway northwest of the Site of Grace. He will now be available as a merchant again.
After completing one of Tanith's assassination requests, you can speak to Patches to receive the Letter to Patches . This letter designates Great Horned Tragoth as the assassination target (which rewards the Bull-Goat Set upon completion). When you return to Patches after killing Tragoth, he will mention reporting to Tanith about the assignment. Come back to talk to him after reloading the area, and he'll begrudgingly reward you with the Magma Whip Candlestick . This must be done before Patches leaves the manor, it is lost otherwise.
Patches will leave Volcano Manor after killing the area boss God-Devouring Serpent .
You can then find him incapacitated at the Shaded Castle in front of the boss room, where he will give you the Dancer's Castanets and tell you to give them to Tanith. [ Map Link ] If you attack him here, he will die no matter the damage and will drop his belongings, ending the quest. This prevents the player from obtaining the Patches' Crouch gesture.
If you attack him here, he will die no matter the damage and will drop his belongings, ending the quest. This prevents the player from obtaining the Patches' Crouch gesture.
He will move back to Murkwater Cave as a boss, but will surrender almost immediately during combat. If he doesn't show up, try reloading the area AND make sure that he has left the Shaded Castle. If Tanith has already been killed, moving to the Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy Grace [ Map Link ] should move Patches back to Murkwater Cave.
If he doesn't show up, try reloading the area AND make sure that he has left the Shaded Castle. If Tanith has already been killed, moving to the Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy Grace [ Map Link ] should move Patches back to Murkwater Cave.
After accepting his surrender, you will be rewarded with the Patches' Crouch gesture, and he will become friendly again. He won't reopen the shop until you reload the area. You can try to get the Extreme Repentance gesture, if you missed it the first time, just attack him 3 times to aggro him, then let him attack you and he will offer you to use the Grovel for Mercy gesture, animation doesn't need to trigger as long as you're able to confirm the gesture, he will then teach you the Extreme Repentance gesture and if you perform it before he kills you, he will accept your surrender and become friendly again. His detection for your surrender can be tricky, and he may not accept it, requiring you to let yourself be killed by him or reload the area for him to become friendly again.
You can try to get the Extreme Repentance gesture, if you missed it the first time, just attack him 3 times to aggro him, then let him attack you and he will offer you to use the Grovel for Mercy gesture, animation doesn't need to trigger as long as you're able to confirm the gesture, he will then teach you the Extreme Repentance gesture and if you perform it before he kills you, he will accept your surrender and become friendly again.
His detection for your surrender can be tricky, and he may not accept it, requiring you to let yourself be killed by him or reload the area for him to become friendly again.
This is an optional boss
This is a Tarnished boss: its stats and attacks work like a player character with equipped items
Closest Site of Grace: Murkwater Cave
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being parried
Is vulnerable to a backstab critical
Damage: Strike , Pierce
Weapons: Spear with Kick (right), Inverted Hawk Towershield with No Skill (left)
Armor: Leather Armor , Leather Gloves , Leather Boots
Drops 800 If spared: Golden Rune [1] x2, Grovel for Mercy If slain (or killed later): Golden Rune [1] , Spear +7, Leather Armor , Leather Gloves , Leather Boots , Patches' Bell Bearing
If spared: Golden Rune [1] x2, Grovel for Mercy
If slain (or killed later): Golden Rune [1] , Spear +7, Leather Armor , Leather Gloves , Leather Boots , Patches' Bell Bearing
The defense numbers are compared to the incoming attack power to determine how much to scale down the damage. The higher the ratio, the more damage comes through.
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through a nd 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
The Best Tips for Patches:
Slow down when going against Patches to be aware of when he starts to surrender.
As soon as you hear the dialogue, stop your attack until you are notified "Enemy Felled"
As he begins with his cloud attack, you will have enough time to circle back behind him and deliver a backstab. If successful, continue with your regular melee attacks until he stands up. Patches' attack sequence attacks are all fairly basic melee attacks that can be dodged to avoid damage or blocked. He tends to pause in between attacks so you can maximize damage in between his attacks until his HP bar is depleted to half. Then, it is recommended players slow down since Patches will soon stop his attacks and behind to cover behind his shield. Stop your attacks all together and you will still win the fight rewards and gain him as a Merchant
With ranged attacks, keep circling behind him, since his attacks have a limited range. It should be easy to get your attacks in especially in between his attack sequence. Just like the melee strategy suggests, slow down when the HP bar reaches midpoint and attack until he retreats behind his shield.  Stop your attacks all together and you will still win the fight rewards and gain him as an NPC Merchant.
Well, well, well? Thought you'd just help yourself to a man's personal belongings? You scheming little thief. The gods demand repentance! Cough up your coin, all of it!
Surrendering (around 50% health)
Wait, wait, please! I surrender! White flag and all!
If you continue attacking him
For Pete's Sake! I concede! No one likes a bull-headed brute, you know! I yield, yield! You can't harm a yielding man!
Cripes, are you dense, boy/sweetheart? Fine, have it your way. You'll get what's coming. We're about to make out like Bandits, boys!
Well... It was bound to happen some day... What a **** show...
There's a special circle, for rotten thieves like you.
If allowed to surrender
Well, finally come around, have you? I knew you would. You're a man/lady of reason, through-and-through. Ha ha ha... [Gives two Golden Rune [1] and teaches the Grovel for Mercy gesture]
Ahhh... Well, what do you know? You're Tarnished, like me. Now, how did I get that wrong? I took you for a demi-human, or some such. An innocent mistake, I assure you. Well, water under the bridge. Now we're squared up, how about we play nice from now on?
"Forgive and forget"
A true man/lady of reason. Just what I like about you. I'm Patches. Patches the Untethered. Tarnished, like you, only, free-spirited. Nomadic, you might say. Only for now, those retired-soldiers-turned-bandits they're paying for my gruel. In exchange for my, well, showing them the ropes. But honestly... this looting racket is bloody terrifying. Frankly, I'm ready to wash my hands clean. Maybe set up a legitimate shop. So, don't be a stranger, eh? I'll be ready to wheel and deal, come next time. Ha ha ha...
"Some things can't be forgiven"
Slow down, son/madame... What's the matter? This simply isn't like you. You've always known an innocent mistake when you see one. Well, suit yourself. I'm Patches. Patches the Untethered. Tarnished, like you, only, free-spirited. Nomadic, you might say. Only for now, those retired-soldiers-turned-bandits they're paying for my gruel. In exchange for my, well, showing them the ropes. But honestly... this looting racket is bloody terrifying. Frankly, I'm ready to wash my hands clean. Maybe set up a legitimate shop. So, don't be a stranger, eh? I'll be ready to wheel and deal, come next time. Ha ha ha...
If spoken to again before he has opened the shop
Don't forget to pop back for another visit, friend. I'll be ready to wheel and deal, come next time.
After reloading the area
Well, nice of you to drop in, finally. It's a bit ad hoc, but I'm sure you'll find something. And welcome to Patches' Emporium. Where you won't need a refund, 'cause everything's top notch.
Hello, again. Welcome to Patches' Emporium.
(Without buying anything) Stingy little beggar... Try to find it in your heart next time, eh?
Stingy little beggar... Try to find it in your heart next time, eh?
(After buying something) Cheers for that.
If spoken to again after leaving
Forgot something on your shopping list? No, no trouble to me.
Yeah, I had those bandits make a clean break. Now they're all suppliers, and good ones at that. I mean, they don't understand a word I'm saying, but it hardly matters, we have a natural connection. They're all foot soldiers. Survivors of a defeated army. Worked to the bone by their high-and-mighty lord, only to be thrown out with the rubbish. ...It's the same old story, everywhere I go. Ah, to hell with it all.
Hm? Wondering what's inside the treasure chest? Well, it's uh, nothing too special. Just something I'm saving as thanks, for a very valuable customer... But then again, it would fetch some spectacular coin... And besides, this valuable customer could be a long time coming... Eh? Everything is give and take, give and take.
Second visit without opening chest
By the way, friend... You've really been there for me, through thick and thin. And so, I've made up my mind. I bequeath that chest to you. An extra-special thanks, to an extra-special customer.
"What you spoke of before"
What's wrong? I've made up my mind. The chest is yours, in word and deed. Sure, it may be worth its weight in gold. But a Patches' promise? Well, that's priceless!
Cutscene after opening the chest
(Before bequeathing his chest to the player) Well well well? I should have known, you scheming little thief. The gods demand vengeance. Vengeance!
Well well well? I should have known, you scheming little thief. The gods demand vengeance. Vengeance!
(After bequeathing his chest to the player) He he he he he... My sincerest gratitude. I thought I'd never wrench that thing open. You're the finest customer a man ever had!
He he he he he... My sincerest gratitude. I thought I'd never wrench that thing open. You're the finest customer a man ever had!
Returning after being transported
(Before bequeathing his chest to the player) Ah, oh... How in blazes... You're alive. You had me proper scared. Poofing away in a flash like that. Maybe it's a sign to keep your mitts off what's not rightly yours, hmm? But I'll forgive you. View it as a learning experience. At any rate, it's nice just to see you safe. And don't miss all the bargains, here at Patches' Emporium!
Ah, oh... How in blazes... You're alive. You had me proper scared. Poofing away in a flash like that. Maybe it's a sign to keep your mitts off what's not rightly yours, hmm? But I'll forgive you. View it as a learning experience. At any rate, it's nice just to see you safe. And don't miss all the bargains, here at Patches' Emporium!
(After bequeathing his chest to the player) Ah, oh... How in blazes... You're alive. You had me proper scared. Poofing away in a flash like that. Who on earth spends their time booby-trapping treasure chests? No way I could've known, but still, I apologise. It's all very unfortunate. At any rate, it's nice just to see you safe. And don't miss all the bargains, here at Patches' Emporium!
Ah, oh... How in blazes... You're alive. You had me proper scared. Poofing away in a flash like that. Who on earth spends their time booby-trapping treasure chests? No way I could've known, but still, I apologise. It's all very unfortunate. At any rate, it's nice just to see you safe. And don't miss all the bargains, here at Patches' Emporium!
[Teaches the Calm Down gesture]
Before moving to Liurnia
Oh yes, by the way. I'm saying goodbye to the old cave. I'm untethered, by nature, and It's about time that I moved on. No worries, the old gang will inherit the shop. They may not speak a word, but they never forget a face. Spare them some coin after I'm gone, eh?
Oh, well! It's been a long while. It's me. Patches the Untethered. I'm still in business, if you can believe it. Now I'm my only supplier, so I haven't got much, but everything here is top notch. Patches' Emporium, now open in Raya Lucaria.
By the way, have you met that girl Rya? She's a strange one, but I believe she was in need of help. Not that it's any of my business, but... If she rings your bell, why not lend her an ear?
You're...making your way to the Erdtree, no? Well I heard something that might help. A special means of reaching your destination. Have you ever seen an iron virgin ? The clunky contraptions are whirlwinds of sickles and spiked wheels. ...but long ago, they were endowed with a spell of transposition. And get this. A surviving virgin sits at the bottom of the big waterwheel in the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Its transpositional powers fully intact. So, right, if you get caught in it on purpose... It'll chuck you straight at the base of the Erdtree... Or so I'm told... Ha ha...ha ha...
Oh yeah, great story isn't it. I'll tell you as many times as you like. There's a surviving Iron Virgin at the bottom of the big waterwheel in the Academy of Raya Lucaria. And I heard...if you let yourself get caught in it, it'll chuck you out straight at the base of the Erdtree. Heh heh...ha ha...
Oh, hello. I knew it'd all be fine... Oh, it's nothing, don't mind me. Welcome to Patches' Emporium!
Returning after the Abductor Virgin trap
Well, fancy meeting you here. Hold on, don't you say a word, my friend. I spoke no lie, not a one. You were trapped inside a volcano, no mistake, but the Erdtree was right outside. You just had to spring yourself out. I'm willing to admit. I could have been more clear. But I did not lie, and you're perfectly unscathed. All's well that ends well, right? [Teaches the Calm Down gesture]
Finding him on Mt. Gelmir
Oh, erm, hello, yes. Strange place for a chance encounter, eh? Thought I could use a rest. Don't mind me, go about your business. Right, over there, see that? Something's shimmering, I swear. Heh heh heh...
What is it? Oh, don't mind me. Off you trot. Right over there, see that? Something's shimmering, I swear. Heh heh heh...
Cutscene after following the Rainbow Stones
Well, if you really are that gullible... Ngh! then stay away from the Volcano Manor! Bye now! Take care!
Returning after being kicked down
Oh, my, well, here you are again. So sorry for that. I meant to warn you, but whoops! There you went. Despite my best intentions, I've done you wrong, I have. But here you are, standing tall and proud. All's well that ends well, eh. And my warning was spot-on, you tell me different! Stay clear of Volcano Manor, end of discussion. I heard the brutes there hunt Tarnished like animals. [Teaches the Calm Down gesture]
Patches is an NPC and boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . He surrenders if you reduce his HP to 50% or less. From then on, he acts as a merchant and gives helpful advice to players.
3 Character Information 3.1 Basic Info 3.2 Equipment 3.3 Quest items
4 Questline Progression
A Tarnished who leads a group of bandits, operating out of Murkwater Cave in Limgrave . Patches is a nomadic and free-spirited individual with a proclivity for tricking people and robbing them of their possessions.
If the Tarnished opens the treasure chest in Murkwater Cave, Patches accosts them with accusations of theft. After a brief fight, Patches surrenders and offers his services as a merchant. He reveals that the bandits he leads are former foot soldiers from a defeated army.
Later, Patches moves to Liurnia of the Lakes , setting up camp on the Scenic Isle. Here, he encounters the Tarnished again and imparts knowledge about the Abductor Virgin below the Academy of Raya Lucaria , which he claims is enchanted with a spell of transportation that will send one straight to the base of the Erdtree . In reality, the Virgin's spell sends unwitting adventurers to the Subterranean Inquisition Chamber on Mt. Gelmir . Patches also informs the Tarnished about Rya , advising them to assist her.
Patches later travels to Mt. Gelmir. The Tarnished may encounter him here, where he will kick them into a ravine, warning them to steer clear of Volcano Manor . Despite these warnings, the Tarnished encounters Patches in the Manor, where he reveals himself to be a member of the Recusants who serve Tanith, Volcano Manor Proprietress . Patches' latest target is Great Horned Tragoth , and he quickly offloads this difficult task onto a newbie.
After the Tarnished defeats Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy , Patches leaves Volcano Manor. He is next found in the Shaded Castle , seemingly sustained injuries. He gives the Tarnished a set of Dancer's Castanets , which he beseeches them to return to Tanith, who is presently feasting upon Rykard's corpse. Patches then returns to Murkwater Cave, where he once again opens up his shop, following a brief battle with the Tarnished.
Murkwater Cave Pass through the golden fog into the boss room and loot the Cloth Garb and Cloth Trousers from the treasure chest to trigger Patches to jump down from above. After reducing his health to 50%, he will stop attacking and grant the Grovel for Mercy gesture . He will now become available as a merchant after reloading the area. Continuing to attack him will cause him to become hostile again. If he gets your health low enough, he will grant the Extreme Repentance gesture. Using this will cause him to stop attacking again. (Optional) There will be another chest in his room after returning. Using this will trigger a trap which will teleport you to the Mistwood. It will not be possible to fast travel until you have rested at a Site of Grace. Patches will grant the Calm Down! gesture after returning to him.
Pass through the golden fog into the boss room and loot the Cloth Garb and Cloth Trousers from the treasure chest to trigger Patches to jump down from above.
After reducing his health to 50%, he will stop attacking and grant the Grovel for Mercy gesture . He will now become available as a merchant after reloading the area.
Continuing to attack him will cause him to become hostile again. If he gets your health low enough, he will grant the Extreme Repentance gesture. Using this will cause him to stop attacking again.
(Optional) There will be another chest in his room after returning. Using this will trigger a trap which will teleport you to the Mistwood. It will not be possible to fast travel until you have rested at a Site of Grace. Patches will grant the Calm Down! gesture after returning to him.
(Optional) Liurnia of the Lakes Patches can be found near the Scenic Isle Site of Grace. He will discuss Rya and the Abductor Virgin below the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Clearing the Subterranean Inquisition Chamber and returning to Patches will unlock new dialogue, as well as the Calm Down! gesture if not received in the previous step.
Patches can be found near the Scenic Isle Site of Grace. He will discuss Rya and the Abductor Virgin below the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Clearing the Subterranean Inquisition Chamber and returning to Patches will unlock new dialogue, as well as the Calm Down! gesture if not received in the previous step.
(Optional) Mt. Gelmir From the First Mt. Gelmir Campsite Site of Grace, go west past the siege tower and then north. Patches will advise you to follow a path of Glowstones leading to a ledge, which Patches will then kick you off.
From the First Mt. Gelmir Campsite Site of Grace, go west past the siege tower and then north. Patches will advise you to follow a path of Glowstones leading to a ledge, which Patches will then kick you off.
Volcano Manor Patches can be found in the entrance corridor after entering Tanith's service. After completing Tanith's first request, Patches will give you a request to kill Great-Horned Tragoth. Tragoth can be found in the Magma Wyrm Makar boss room in the Ruin-Strewn Precipice . Kill him and then return to Patches and exhaust his dialogue, then rest at a Site of Grace and speak to him again to receive the Magma Whip Candlestick. After defeating Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy, return to Patches and exhaust his dialogue.
Patches can be found in the entrance corridor after entering Tanith's service. After completing Tanith's first request, Patches will give you a request to kill Great-Horned Tragoth.
Tragoth can be found in the Magma Wyrm Makar boss room in the Ruin-Strewn Precipice . Kill him and then return to Patches and exhaust his dialogue, then rest at a Site of Grace and speak to him again to receive the Magma Whip Candlestick.
After defeating Rykard, Lord of Blas

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Ensha of the Royal Remains
Ensha of the Royal Remains or Ensha is a Tarnished NPC in Elden Ring . He will refuse to speak to the player, but instead stare at them. He is the servant of Gideon Ofnir .
Ensha of the Royal Remains can be found at Roundtable Hold , directly to the right of the entrance of Gideon Ofnir 's room.
Upon first interaction, players obtain the What Do You Want? Gesture .
After obtaining either half of the Haligtree Secret Medallion ( Right or Left ), Ensha becomes an NPC Invader and ambushes the player the next time that they teleport to the Roundtable Hold. Defeating them rewards the Clinging Bone and the Royal Remains Set , which must be obtained by returning to where Ensha was originally standing, outside of Gideon Ofnir's room.
A new dialogue will unlock with Gideon, where he apologizes for Ensha's behavior "as his master"
Ensha of the Royal Remains does not speak. This character maintains an attentive attitude while leaning against the wall.
He uses the Clinging Bone as his main weapon, frequently using its skill, Lifesteal Fist . He also uses the Meteorite Staff in his offhand, casting Collapsing Stars and Rock Sling .
Gideon's Talk of Ensha after killing him.
"Oh, my apologies for that nasty business. Ensha got rather ahead of himself, it seems. As his master, I'd like to express my regret. But now, Ensha is slain and gone. Finished, forever more."
Possibly referred to as "The all-hearing" by the Finger Reader Crone at Raya Lucaria Academy bridge. Ensha was likely ordered to slaughter those in the village, for the purpose of finding the Haligtree Medallion’s half. However, he was unsuccessful as it was kept by a disguised Albus . The Tarnished is invaded after obtaining it, presumably because Ensha wishes to steal the medallion
Ensha was likely ordered to slaughter those in the village, for the purpose of finding the Haligtree Medallion’s half. However, he was unsuccessful as it was kept by a disguised Albus . The Tarnished is invaded after obtaining it, presumably because Ensha wishes to steal the medallion
If neither Haligtree Secret Medallion is picked up before killing the Fire Giant and resting at the Forge Site of Grace, Ensha vanishes from the Roundtable Hold and doesn't invade the player there.
Armor graced with gold human bones. Worn by the unspeaking adherent of Sir Gideon the All-Knowing.
Slowly replenishes HP when HP is reduced.
It is said that the bones belong to an ancient lord - the soulless king. The lord of the lost and desperate, who was known as Ensha.
Horrific weapon made of a hardened skeletal arm. Wielded by Ensha of the Royal Remains.
Fitted by placing one's hands into the fists' grips until they dig in.
"O clinging creature. A king relinquishes not the hand."
This Ash of War grants an armament the Occult affinity and the following skill:
"Lifesteal Fist: Skill that demonstrates mastery of the art of controlling vital energies. A slow, controlled punch with an energy-infused fist that renders foes unconscious and steals their HP. Only effective against foes of human build."
Usable on fists and claws.
"Ah, yes, by way of apology, allow me to tender some advice, in regard to the half of the secret medallion you possess."
Ensha of the Royal Remains is an NPC in Elden Ring .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Ensha is the unspeaking adherent of Sir Gideon Ofnir , typically found leaning on the wall outside his master's study in Roundtable Hold . Ensha wears armour graced with golden human bones, which are said to have belonged to a soulless king, the lord of the lost and desperate, known as Ensha. [ 1 ]
After the Tarnished obtains one half of the Haligtree Secret Medallion, Ensha invades them in Roundtable Hold. After killing Ensha, the Tarnished confronts Gideon, who claims that Ensha got ahead of himself. [ 2 ] As an apology, Gideon furnishes the Tarnished with advice regarding the whereabouts of the medallion's other half. [ 3 ]
Roundtable Hold Talk to him to receive the "What do you want?" Gesture.
Talk to him to receive the "What do you want?" Gesture.
Roundtable Hold After retrieving the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right) from Old Albus in the Village of the Albinaurics , or the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) from Castle Sol , Ensha will invade the player. Upon death, he drops the Clinging Bone and his Royal Remains Set can then be collected from his original spot outside Gideon's room. Afterwards, Gideon will have a new dialogue option About Ensha and, once exhausted, About the secret medallions .
After retrieving the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right) from Old Albus in the Village of the Albinaurics , or the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) from Castle Sol , Ensha will invade the player. Upon death, he drops the Clinging Bone and his Royal Remains Set can then be collected from his original spot outside Gideon's room.
Afterwards, Gideon will have a new dialogue option About Ensha and, once exhausted, About the secret medallions .
Interestingly, Ensha is referred to with male pronouns when talking to Gideon, but his character model uses "Body Type B", which is the feminine body option. [ 4 ] This can best been seen by modding the game to remove Ensha's armor and revealing is full character model. Why this is the case is unknown.
Ensha as an invader wielding a Clinging Bone and a Meteorite Staff .

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Dung Eater
Dung Eater is an NPC in Elden Ring . Dung Eater is a fellow Tarnished who occupies a corpse ridden room in the Roundtable Hold .
The spirit of Dung Eater can be summoned for aid in battle by using Dung Eater Puppet Ashes . The Dung Eater is also available as an NPC Summon when facing Mohg, the Omen and Morgott, the Omen King . Progress in his questline and release him to be able to unlock his summon sign. He may also be encountered as an NPC Invader .
I am the Dung Eater! A scourge upon the living!
Dung Eater can be found at Roundtable Hold .
If you approach him with any Seedbed Curse in your inventory, he will give you the Sewer-Gaol Key and ask you to find his real body beneath Leyndell.
Dung Eater's real body can be found in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds . From the Underground Roadside Site of Grace, head out the door, turn left, slip past the Omens and fall into the gap in the sewer grate. Head straight to the end of the tunnel, fight past three Giant Miranda Sprouts , climb up the ladder and open the locked door on the opposite wall. You will need the Sewer-Gaol Key to open this door. [ Map Link ]
If killed in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds , he will drop the following:
He can also be found around the lake at the northeast of Leyndell Royal Capital an as an NPC Invader after releasing Dung Eater 's corporeal body from his cell in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds and then reading his message at the Roundtable Hold . [ Map Link ]
NOTE : During Ranni the Witch’s questline, giving her the Fingerslayer Blade will cause Preceptor Seluvis to become a lifeless puppet, effectively locking you out of his questline and potentially preventing you from giving Seluvis's Potion to Dung Eater.
Dung Eater is first encountered at the Roundtable Hold in a locked room past the Twin Maiden Husks . Access to this room is granted only after reaching Altus Plateau .
After showing Dung Eater at least one Seedbed Curse , he will give you the Sewer-Gaol Key , which unlocks his cell in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds beneath Leyndell, Royal Capital .
To find Dung Eater in the sewers, start at the Underground Roadside Site of Grace [ Map Link ]. From there, exit the room and turn left. Follow the corridor and jump down the open grate. Head northwest, pass the giant poison plants, and climb the ladder. Be cautious of the giant hand in the room — which respawns when you kill them before receiving the Sewer-Gaol Key. Behind this hand is the Gaol door where Dung Eater is located. Talk to him to release him from his prison. Dung Eater in his cell
Dung Eater in his cell
Once released, Dung Eater becomes available as a cooperator for the fight against Mohg, the Omen . However, his summon sign will disappear if you advance his questline further or kill him.
After this encounter, returning to the Roundtable Hold will reveal that Dung Eater is missing. He leaves a message asking you to fight him at the outer moat. [ Map Link ] If doing Blackguard Big Boggart's questline, be sure to complete it before moving onto the next step, or else Big won't drop a Seedbed Curse. Travel to the outer moat (where Boggart moves). Boggart should be tied up. Exhaust Boggart's dialogue (talk to him twice), then walk towards the middle of the moat and Dung Eater will invade you. Defeat the Dung Eater in this invasion and he drops the Sword of Milos . This lake also hosts a giant crab that spews Deathblight clouds. You can leverage this to make this invasion fight easier to complete. Note: Boggart does not need to be alive for the invasion to happen. Instead of Big Boggart, there will be a cursed Commoner. Dung Eater in the Outer Moat
If doing Blackguard Big Boggart's questline, be sure to complete it before moving onto the next step, or else Big won't drop a Seedbed Curse.
Travel to the outer moat (where Boggart moves). Boggart should be tied up. Exhaust Boggart's dialogue (talk to him twice), then walk towards the middle of the moat and Dung Eater will invade you. Defeat the Dung Eater in this invasion and he drops the Sword of Milos . This lake also hosts a giant crab that spews Deathblight clouds. You can leverage this to make this invasion fight easier to complete. Note: Boggart does not need to be alive for the invasion to happen. Instead of Big Boggart, there will be a cursed Commoner.
This lake also hosts a giant crab that spews Deathblight clouds. You can leverage this to make this invasion fight easier to complete.
Note: Boggart does not need to be alive for the invasion to happen. Instead of Big Boggart, there will be a cursed Commoner.
Dung Eater in the Outer Moat
Upon defeating the Dung Eater at the moat he will return to Roundtable Hold. Talk to him and he will ask you to bring his real body more Seedbed Curses . His body can be found tied up in a chair in the same cell that he was released from before. At this point, Dung Eater's summon sign for Mohg will disappear. You may interact with him to give Seedbed Curses to him. Or alternatively you could give him Seluvis's Potion . This will allow you to get the Dung Eater Puppet summon from Seluvis , but this will end the Dung Eater quest and prevent you from getting the Blessing of Despair ending. Tip : You can give Dung Eater Seluvis's Potion and still get the Omen Set which is typically only obtainable if have given him 5 Seedbed Curses . Just give him Seluvis's Potion while he's tied in the chair and once he passes out completely wait a moment or two and kill him. The Omen set will drop and he will still be offered as a puppet for purchase from Seluvis . However, should you leave the area or quit and reload, his body would disappear, preventing you from getting his armor set. If you chose this option the Dung Eater's body will not be found in Seluvis's laboratory. If you don't see him as a puppet for purchase at first, buy one puppet and some spells from Seluvis then go out and find a few more Starlight Shards . When you return to Seluvis he should now offer the Dung Eater Puppet for purchase along with progressing the Seluvis quest line. Actually summoning, or even just equipping the first puppet you chose to an available slot, and then coming back to Seluvis, may also trigger him to start selling other puppets.
At this point, Dung Eater's summon sign for Mohg will disappear.
You may interact with him to give Seedbed Curses to him.
Or alternatively you could give him Seluvis's Potion . This will allow you to get the Dung Eater Puppet summon from Seluvis , but this will end the Dung Eater quest and prevent you from getting the Blessing of Despair ending. Tip : You can give Dung Eater Seluvis's Potion and still get the Omen Set which is typically only obtainable if have given him 5 Seedbed Curses . Just give him Seluvis's Potion while he's tied in the chair and once he passes out completely wait a moment or two and kill him. The Omen set will drop and he will still be offered as a puppet for purchase from Seluvis . However, should you leave the area or quit and reload, his body would disappear, preventing you from getting his armor set. If you chose this option the Dung Eater's body will not be found in Seluvis's laboratory. If you don't see him as a puppet for purchase at first, buy one puppet and some spells from Seluvis then go out and find a few more Starlight Shards . When you return to Seluvis he should now offer the Dung Eater Puppet for purchase along with progressing the Seluvis quest line. Actually summoning, or even just equipping the first puppet you chose to an available slot, and then coming back to Seluvis, may also trigger him to start selling other puppets.
Tip : You can give Dung Eater Seluvis's Potion and still get the Omen Set which is typically only obtainable if have given him 5 Seedbed Curses . Just give him Seluvis's Potion while he's tied in the chair and once he passes out completely wait a moment or two and kill him. The Omen set will drop and he will still be offered as a puppet for purchase from Seluvis . However, should you leave the area or quit and reload, his body would disappear, preventing you from getting his armor set. If you chose this option the Dung Eater's body will not be found in Seluvis's laboratory.
If you don't see him as a puppet for purchase at first, buy one puppet and some spells from Seluvis then go out and find a few more Starlight Shards . When you return to Seluvis he should now offer the Dung Eater Puppet for purchase along with progressing the Seluvis quest line. Actually summoning, or even just equipping the first puppet you chose to an available slot, and then coming back to Seluvis, may also trigger him to start selling other puppets.
After giving the Dung Eater 5 Seedbed Curses , his quest line will be complete and you will be rewarded the Mending Rune of the Fell Curse . Reload the area to find the Omen Set where he gave you the rune.
Reload the area to find the Omen Set where he gave you the rune.
First Interaction while at Roundtable Hold.
"Have you ever felt the curse? With your whole being, the pox upon life itself. Feared and despised by all. The Reviled blessing. Apparently not. You are but a lamb. A stranger to defilement. Ignorant to your own ignorance. You no longer interest me. I've been long without peace. Don't spoil my quietude."
"I asked you not to disturb me. Be thankful of the Hold's serenity. It is all that keeps your death and defilement at bay."
Speaking to him at Roundtable Hold after collecting the first Seedbed.
"No. Wait. You have felt the curse. I can smell it on you, the pox yet tender. Apparently my Seedbed is ripe and waiting. It twas a brief respite I must say. Go and unshackle my corporeal flesh Trapped in the sewer-gaol below the capital."
After Recieving the Sewer-Gaol Key
"I can kill you and defile your corpse. Then the pox will truly be your own."
Before interacting with him in the Sewer-Gaol
"Let me out! Let me out of here! Must eat more! Defile more! Everything that matters to you! For generations to come! I am the Dung Eater! A scourge upon the living!"
Interacting with him in the Sewer-Gaol
"Let me out. Let me out of here."
"I am the Dung Eater. A scourge upon the living. I must eat more. Defile more... "
Telling him to leave the Gaol
"I've been here long enough. I will kill again. And defile each corpse with care. Just to be sure. That when they're reborn... They'll be cursed. Along with their children, and their children's children, for all time to come... "
Message left at the Roundtable Hold
"I'll defile you next. Come to the outer moat."
"There you are. You warded off my blessing. Despite the curse stirring within you. No one has succeeded in that before. How? I thought. Then it hit me. That you are, in fact, me. And I...am the Dung Eater. It is my flesh that must receive the blessing."
"Give me your blessing. Defile my flesh with the seedbed curse. Again and again. Until it is done. Until a cursed ring coalesces, that may one day defile the Order itself. Countless, I have killed. And countless, I have defiled. And soon the fruits will be borne. Hundreds will be reborn cursed, and they'll bear thousands of cursed children, who'll bear tens of thousands more. A few of those will be born just like me, and they'll kill, and defile, and bless in my stead! The rotten fools. My fate was the grandest, most brilliant of them all!"
"My corporeal flesh lies in the sewer gaol beneath the Capital. Give it your blessing. Defile my flesh with the seedbed curse. Until a cursed ring coalesces, that may one day defile the Order itself."
After collecting Seedbed Curses
"Uur...urgh... A curse... A curse upon them all. They'll be born cursed, all of them. Along with their children, and their children's children, heh, for all time to come..."
(If Seedbed Curse is used) "Uur...urgh... Curse you, Golden Order. One day, you'll get what's coming."
(If 5 Seedbed Curses are used) "Unleash it upon them! A cursed blessing to all!"
(If Seluvis's Potion is used) "No... I am... the Dung Eater... I am..."
In combat, Dung Eater wields the Sword of Milos .
Roderika will make various comments on Dung Eater when he arrives at Roundtable Hold . This first happens when the player reaches the Altus Plateau for the first time.
Curse grown on a corpse killed and defiled by the Dung Eater. A tender pox afflicted with omen horns.
The Dung Eater cultivates the seedbed curse on corpses.
By doing so he prevents dead souls returning to the Erdtree, leaving them forever cursed. One of the most loathsome things found in the Lands Between.
Sinister greatsword fashioned from a giant's backbone. Metes out wounds like a lopsided saw-blade, and restores some FP upon defeating an enemy.
Milos was undersized for a giant, and was viewed as sullied and terribly grotesque.
Malformed helm resembling an Omen with its horns cut off.
Worn by the Dung Eater, their form is a vision of the landscape of his mind, and of his appearance as he wished to see it.
The heart of an omen without the body to match; could there be any crueler existence? What does it matter, then, if the curse claims at all?
Malformed armor resembling an Omen with its horns cut off.
Worn by the Dung Eater. The heavy, sun-shaped medallion represents both the guidance he once saw, and the ring to which it will one day lead.
Doll of a curseborn bairn.
Uses FP to unleash wraiths that chase down foes.
Omen babies have all their horns excised, causing most to perish. These fetishes are made to memorialize them.
"Please, don't hate me, or curse me. Please."
Loathsome rune gestated by the Dung Eater. Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord.
The reviled curse will last eternally, and the world's children, grandchildren, and every generation hence, will be its pustules.
If Order is defiled entirely, defilement is defilement no more, and for every curse, a cursed blessing.
A little while ago someone started lurking in the wing on the opposite side of the roundtable. And I can hear, from all the way over there... The howling and wailing of spirits in fear of a curse. I can ever hear the repulsive, twisted malison itself... A plethora of spirits in an unceasing cacophony... I can't even imagine. How much suffering, inflicted to who knows how many souls... You should keep your distance, I know you're strong, but please.
I suppose the Dung Eater must have left the Roundtable. I just pray nothing ill comes of this.
He's back. The Dung Eater. Again. I can hear them; the spirits as they howl and lament in fear of the curse. And worse than ever, the reverberation of the twisted malison itself. But after all this time, I've started to grasp it now. I can hear, in the malison, another fearsome Order.
But it isn't like last time. I'm almost certain...the spirits have escaped their confinement. Did you...have anything to do with it, I wonder?
You 'eard of the Dung Eater? E's a madman, 'as it out for everyone. Curses 'em. Goes 'round in this rank armour, an' all. You see 'im though, stay well away. I was in the same gaol as him, once, so I know first 'and. E's a god-forsaken monster. Not just some petty thug like me.
E's a killer. Kills people and curses their souls... Does all sorts of **** to their corpses, to keep 'em cursed, forever. I ain't seen nothin' more disgustin' in all my years. I ain't never been more scared, neither. Rooted to the bloody spot... While 'e did all that, to my friend...
Never thought I would. What 'e does to those bodies. It was... It was 'im, no question. That monster. He's lurkin' round 'ere.
Heh... serves me right. Fitting bloody end, for a jumped up little **** with big ideas...
Help me out, would ya, mate... I don't wanna get cursed. Just let me die... I don't wanna live like this... not anymore... So, please...
The Dung Eater is a serial killer NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
1 Overview 1.1 Background 1.2 Game Events
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
The Dung Eater once saw guidance and a ring that would appear at the end of his journey. [ 1 ] His vision is of a curse he calls the "pox upon life itself" or the "reviled blessing", [ 2 ] with everyone sustaining it in despair and their souls not being able to return to the Erdtree . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] He decided to wear a disfigured armor, resembling the Omen , representing the vision of the landscape of his mind, and his appearance as he wished to see it. [ 6 ] He donned his armor with a heavy sun-shaped medallion to represent both the guidance and the ring he once saw. [ 7 ]
He assumed he would personally curse all life himself, so he started indiscriminately killing people and defiling their corpses to nourish the pox. [ 8 ] In each defilement, the Dung Eater cultivates a Seedbed Curse on a corpse that prevents the dead soul to go to the Erdtree, leaving it forever cursed. [ 9 ]
He was eventually captured and publicly hanged in front of an angry crowd, who strongly despise him for his vile crimes. However,  killing the Dung Eater only resulted in his revival by grace as a Tarnished , [ 10 ] so he was perpetually jailed in the Forsaken Depths below Leyndell, the Royal Capital .
When The Tarnished (Protagonist) travels to the Roundtable Hold , an apparition of the Dung Eater is discovered within, resting and with his bloodlust quenched by his abidance of the pact of non-aggression [ 11 ] [ 12 ] ; but should he feel the presence of his Seedbed Curse within the player, he'll instruct to set his body free from the jail hidden away in the sewer below the capital, [ 13 ] with the intention of fully cursing The Tarnished. [ 14 ]
If The Dung Eater is released, he will attack and defile Blackguard Big Boggart , and will invade the player when they arrive at the scene. When defeated, Dung Eater will claim something unexpected happened, his blessing was warded off by the protagonist, despite the curse stirring within, a feat no one had succeeded in before. [ 15 ] At which point he has a revelation: he was not the one who could curse the world as in his vision, that's The Tarnished. And the Dung Eater is just a means to get there, and should be doing what his moniker implies — his flesh is the one that must receive the blessing. [ 16 ] And so, he tasks his flesh to be defiled with the seedbed curse again and again until the ring he once saw coalesces and is able to defile Order itself, [ 17 ] , an act that would cost his life but that he would be proud of. [ 18 ]
The player can choose to follow the Dung Eater's will, defiling his body until a Mending Rune is created, and using it to bring a new age of despair in the end . The Tarnished may also choose to put a stop to his trail of blood by simply killing him in his jail, or to reduce the Dung Eater to a mindless puppet through Seluvis' Potion . Still, perhaps this is a fate too cruel even for a monster like him...
Liurnia of the Lakes ( Laskyar Ruins ) Head north-west from the Site of Grace to find Rya the Scout inside a gazebo and talk to her. Move to north-west again from here to find Blackguard Big Boggart at the Boilprawn Shack and talk to him: select Give me the necklace and then Deal to be able to buy Rya's Necklace from him for 1000 Runes . After purchasing the item, he'll start selling an infinite supply of Boiled Prawns . Purchase at least one to progress his questline: you'll receive the "Spread Out" gesture and, in turn, Boggart's summon sign will appear at the Ruin-Strewn Precipice Overlook to aid you against Magma Wyrm Makar .
Head north-west from the Site of Grace to find Rya the Scout inside a gazebo and talk to her.
Move to north-west again from here to find Blackguard Big Boggart at the Boilprawn Shack and talk to him: select Give me the necklace and then Deal to be able to buy Rya's Necklace from him for 1000 Runes .
After purchasing the item, he'll start selling an infinite supply of Boiled Prawns . Purchase at least one to progress his questline: you'll receive the "Spread Out" gesture and, in turn, Boggart's summon sign will appear at the Ruin-Strewn Precipice Overlook to aid you against Magma Wyrm Makar .
Roundtable Hold After touching any Site of Grace in Altus Plateau , the Dung Eater will appear in the western quarter of the Roundtable Hold, past Gideon 's study. Talk to him with at least one Seedbed Curse in inventory to receive the Sewer-Gaol Key . (Optional) Talking to Roderika , she'll now have a new dialogue option " There's something you should know " to warn you of the danger of the new arrival.
After touching any Site of Grace in Altus Plateau , the Dung Eater will appear in the western quarter of the Roundtable Hold, past Gideon 's study. Talk to him with at least one Seedbed Curse in inventory to receive the Sewer-Gaol Key .
(Optional) Talking to Roderika , she'll now have a new dialogue option " There's something you should know " to warn you of the danger of the new arrival.
Leyndell, Royal Capital (Underground Roadside) Drop down the open grate to the left exiting the room and follow the path past the Miranda Flowers to reach the Dung Eater's cell, which is guarded by a Large Fingercreeper hidden underground and some smaller ones hanging from the ceiling. Open the cell and talk to him, selecting Leave your gaol! .
Drop down the open grate to the left exiting the room and follow the path past the Miranda Flowers to reach the Dung Eater's cell, which is guarded by a Large Fingercreeper hidden underground and some smaller ones hanging from the ceiling. Open the cell and talk to him, selecting Leave your gaol! .
Leyndell, Royal Capital (Forsaken Depth) (Optional) The Dung Eater can now be summoned to aid you against Mohg, the Omen .
(Optional) The Dung Eater can now be summ

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Corhyn
Brother Corhyn is a Tarnished NPC in Elden Ring . Brother Corhyn is a holy practitioner who will teach you practical faith-based Incantations in exchange for Runes . You will encounter him once you've reached the Roundtable Hold .
Welcome to the Roundtable Hold. I'm Corhyn, a man of the cloth. I teach incantations, the strength granted us by the Two Fingers, and explore the secrets of the Golden Order.
Brother Corhyn can first be found at the main room in Roundtable Hold .
After leaving Roundtable Hold he can be found on the Northern road from Altus Highway Junction Site of Grace in Altus Plateau . [ Map Link ]
After informing him about the location of Goldmask , Corhyn will move to his location in Altus Plateau . [ Map Link ]
After gaining access to Leyndell, Royal Capital he will move there together with Goldmask, outside the colosseum. [ Map Link ]
After solving their predicament at Leyndell, he will move to the bridge south of the Stargazers' Ruins together with Goldmask. [ Map Link ]
At the end of Corhyn's questline, he can be found at Leyndell, Ashen Capital . [ Map Link ]
This NPC can be fought
If defeated drops: Corhyn's Bell Bearing Flail Corhyn's Robe
Corhyn's Bell Bearing
Brother Corhyn can first be met once the player is able to go to Roundtable Hold. He can be seen standing in the main room.
After reaching Altus Plateau , Brother Corhyn will tell you he is going on a journey to find the Goldmask . After resting, he moves to Altus Plateau and increases the number of Incantations he knows. Corhyn will be standing on the road north of the Altus Highway Junction Site of Grace, next to the monument where the Map (Altus Plateau) can be found. [ Map Link ] If you find Corhyn dead at any point in the questline, you can still complete the steps with Goldmask.
On the north side of Altus Plateau, there is a large broken bridge. You can encounter Goldmask standing on the north section of the Forest-Spanning Great Bridge, south of East Windmill Pasture . Traveling north of the Bower of Bounty grace, you can use a Spirit Spring near the bridge to jump directly up to the Goldmask. Alternatively, use the waygate on the southern section of the Forest-Spanning Great Bridge, next to the Forest-Spanning Great Bridge Site of Grace.
Traveling north of the Bower of Bounty grace, you can use a Spirit Spring near the bridge to jump directly up to the Goldmask.
Alternatively, use the waygate on the southern section of the Forest-Spanning Great Bridge, next to the Forest-Spanning Great Bridge Site of Grace.
After speaking to the Goldmask, you can return to Corhyn and inform him of Goldmask's location. After resting, Corhyn moves to stand next to the Goldmask and adds new incantations to his stock. You can discuss Goldmask with him.
After obtaining at least two Great Runes and gaining access to Leyndell, Corhyn and Goldmask move to the city Leyndell , and are found on a cliff east of the colosseum, contemplating a riddle. From the West Capital Ramparts Site of Grace, head overall south, along the balcony. The balcony will lead to a stone pathway, and upwards to the colosseum. Follow the path, dealing with the two Duelists along the way. From the top of the path, head left until you find the pair. Exhaust Corhyn's dialogue about Goldmask. [ Map Link ] Note that in order to progress his questline you need to solve this riddle before burning the Erdtree at Forge of the Giants (after Fire Giant boss fight), otherwise Corhyn will vanish and leave behind Corhyn's Bell Bearing in Leyndell. In addition, Goldmask will not be present. The solution is found west of the Erdtree Sanctuary Site of Grace, down an elevator and a set of stairs. A white message on the ground facing the statue mentions "Regression". You must stand on the message, facing the statue, and cast the Law of Regression incantation to solve the riddle. Touch the new message that appears, and report the secret to Goldmask and then exhaust Corhyn's dialogue. To acquire Law of Regression , find the Golden Order Principia book of incantations above Erdtree Sanctuary after defeating the golden shade of Godfrey . Head east, then double back onto the root to enter the sanctuary's second floor. From there, travel west to a roof with a broken window. The book can be found on a corpse sitting in a suspended stone chair above the center of the chamber. The incantation can be learned from Miriel or Corhyn for 10,000 runes. Casting Law of Regression requires 37 Intelligence . If desired, you can use two Larval Tears to respec your character and back just to solve the riddle. Alternatively, you can use a combination of intelligence-boosting equipment and effects: (Helm) Haima Glintstone Crown (+2 INT) (Helm) Hierodas Glintstone Crown (+2 INT) (Helm) Imp Head (Cat) (+2 INT) (Helm) Karolos Glintstone Crown (+3 INT) (Helm) Olivinus Glintstone Crown (+3 INT) (Helm) Queen's Crescent Crown (+3 INT) (Helm) Witch's Glintstone Crown (+3 INT) (Helm) Twinsage Glintstone Crown (+6 INT) (Talisman) Marika's Scarseal (+3 INT) (Talisman) Marika's Soreseal (+5 INT) (Talisman) Stargazer Heirloom (+5 INT) (Great Rune) Godrick's Great Rune (+5 INT) - requires consuming a Rune Arc to activate the buff, after which it will last until death (Weapon) Grafted Blade Greatsword (+5 INT) - Using the special skill boosts all stats by 5. Using the skill requires 14 DEX and 40 STR (27 when 2-handed) (Flask of Wondrous Physick) Intelligence-knot Crystal Tear (+10 INT) - lasts for 3 minutes upon consuming the flask After casting the spell, revealing a plot-point, go back to Goldmask and tell him what you found out. After this, you can talk to Brother Corhyn, and he will offer to sell you the Immutable Shield incantation.
Note that in order to progress his questline you need to solve this riddle before burning the Erdtree at Forge of the Giants (after Fire Giant boss fight), otherwise Corhyn will vanish and leave behind Corhyn's Bell Bearing in Leyndell. In addition, Goldmask will not be present.
The solution is found west of the Erdtree Sanctuary Site of Grace, down an elevator and a set of stairs. A white message on the ground facing the statue mentions "Regression". You must stand on the message, facing the statue, and cast the Law of Regression incantation to solve the riddle. Touch the new message that appears, and report the secret to Goldmask and then exhaust Corhyn's dialogue.
To acquire Law of Regression , find the Golden Order Principia book of incantations above Erdtree Sanctuary after defeating the golden shade of Godfrey . Head east, then double back onto the root to enter the sanctuary's second floor. From there, travel west to a roof with a broken window. The book can be found on a corpse sitting in a suspended stone chair above the center of the chamber. The incantation can be learned from Miriel or Corhyn for 10,000 runes.
Casting Law of Regression requires 37 Intelligence . If desired, you can use two Larval Tears to respec your character and back just to solve the riddle. Alternatively, you can use a combination of intelligence-boosting equipment and effects: (Helm) Haima Glintstone Crown (+2 INT) (Helm) Hierodas Glintstone Crown (+2 INT) (Helm) Imp Head (Cat) (+2 INT) (Helm) Karolos Glintstone Crown (+3 INT) (Helm) Olivinus Glintstone Crown (+3 INT) (Helm) Queen's Crescent Crown (+3 INT) (Helm) Witch's Glintstone Crown (+3 INT) (Helm) Twinsage Glintstone Crown (+6 INT) (Talisman) Marika's Scarseal (+3 INT) (Talisman) Marika's Soreseal (+5 INT) (Talisman) Stargazer Heirloom (+5 INT) (Great Rune) Godrick's Great Rune (+5 INT) - requires consuming a Rune Arc to activate the buff, after which it will last until death (Weapon) Grafted Blade Greatsword (+5 INT) - Using the special skill boosts all stats by 5. Using the skill requires 14 DEX and 40 STR (27 when 2-handed) (Flask of Wondrous Physick) Intelligence-knot Crystal Tear (+10 INT) - lasts for 3 minutes upon consuming the flask
(Helm) Haima Glintstone Crown (+2 INT)
(Helm) Hierodas Glintstone Crown (+2 INT)
(Helm) Imp Head (Cat) (+2 INT)
(Helm) Karolos Glintstone Crown (+3 INT)
(Helm) Olivinus Glintstone Crown (+3 INT)
(Helm) Queen's Crescent Crown (+3 INT)
(Helm) Witch's Glintstone Crown (+3 INT)
(Helm) Twinsage Glintstone Crown (+6 INT)
(Talisman) Marika's Scarseal (+3 INT)
(Talisman) Marika's Soreseal (+5 INT)
(Talisman) Stargazer Heirloom (+5 INT)
(Great Rune) Godrick's Great Rune (+5 INT) - requires consuming a Rune Arc to activate the buff, after which it will last until death
(Weapon) Grafted Blade Greatsword (+5 INT) - Using the special skill boosts all stats by 5. Using the skill requires 14 DEX and 40 STR (27 when 2-handed)
(Flask of Wondrous Physick) Intelligence-knot Crystal Tear (+10 INT) - lasts for 3 minutes upon consuming the flask
After casting the spell, revealing a plot-point, go back to Goldmask and tell him what you found out. After this, you can talk to Brother Corhyn, and he will offer to sell you the Immutable Shield incantation.
After this, you can talk to Brother Corhyn, and he will offer to sell you the Immutable Shield incantation.
After leaving them (reloading in the same place won't make them disappear), Goldmask and Corhyn will move to the bridge south of Stargazers' Ruins right above the Ancient Snow Valley Ruins Site of Grace. [ Map Link ] A dialogue option also appears to give Brother Corhyn the Tonic of Forgetfulness upon advancing his questline to Mountaintops of the Giants , near the Stargazers' Ruins. Corhyn will refuse the potion and the item will remain in the player's inventory, but it will change the final step in this questline.
A dialogue option also appears to give Brother Corhyn the Tonic of Forgetfulness upon advancing his questline to Mountaintops of the Giants , near the Stargazers' Ruins. Corhyn will refuse the potion and the item will remain in the player's inventory, but it will change the final step in this questline.
After completing Crumbling Farum Azula , Goldmask can be found in Leyndell, Ashen Capital , he moves to the bottom of the colosseum cliffs facing the west side of the Erdtree Sanctuary Site of Grace.. He will give you the Mending Rune of Perfect Order . Reload the area to loot Goldmask's Set .
Corhyn can then be found at one of the possible two locations: Corhyn location 1: It is advisable to check for him here first, as the game loads you into Leyndell, Ashen Capital after you finish the main boss fight at Crumbling Farum Azula . He will be near the base of the giant spiral spear. Speak with him to exhaust all dialogue and then, after reloading the area, you can find a Flail , Corhyn's Bell Bearing , and Corhyn's Robe where he was sitting. [ Map Link ] Corhyn location 2: If you offered Brother Corhyn the Tonic of Forgetfulness , he will remain at the bridge south of the Stargazers' Ruins where you last saw him. Talk to him; he'll be unaware of Goldmask's absence. Reload the area and then collect all three of the above items where he was.
Corhyn location 1: It is advisable to check for him here first, as the game loads you into Leyndell, Ashen Capital after you finish the main boss fight at Crumbling Farum Azula . He will be near the base of the giant spiral spear. Speak with him to exhaust all dialogue and then, after reloading the area, you can find a Flail , Corhyn's Bell Bearing , and Corhyn's Robe where he was sitting. [ Map Link ]
Corhyn location 2: If you offered Brother Corhyn the Tonic of Forgetfulness , he will remain at the bridge south of the Stargazers' Ruins where you last saw him. Talk to him; he'll be unaware of Goldmask's absence. Reload the area and then collect all three of the above items where he was.
Note: If you don't complete the questline, you can find both Corhyn's Bell Bearing and Corhyn's Robe on a cliff east of the colosseum, in Leyndell, Ashen Capital .
Oh, I see you've just arrived. Welcome to the Roundtable Hold. I'm Corhyn, a man of the cloth. I teach incantations, the strength granted us by the Two Fingers, and explore the secrets of the Golden Order. So that one day, if a Tarnished of the Roundtable Hold should become Elden Lord, I might counsel them, ensuring order regains its proper form, righting rule over men. By the way, do you still see it? The guidance of grace.
( I don't see it ) Ah, well, that is unfortunate. But no cause for despair. It's likely a temporary condition, I'm told. For whatever reason, it happens from time to time. Just keep your chin up, and stay the path. I pray the great guidance of grace returns to you.
What is it? Has the guidance of grace returned to your vision?
( I see it ) You do! Wonderful news. Most Tarnished are blind to it these days. You are something of a rare breed. Well, what do you say? Care to learn an incantation of the Two Fingers?
Subsequent Visits § :
Ah, you appear to be doing well. Very good. Well then, would you like to learn an incantation?
Further study of incantations, is it? I can happily spare the time, and applaud your enthusiasm.
[Giving any other prayerbook] That... is a work of heresy. Its incantations bear no lineage from the Erdtree. (sigh) Very well... I'll take it off your hands.
[Giving the Golden Order Principia ] This...is a volume of incantation. It's good to see your enthusiasm. Indeed, I will happily take it off your hands.
[Leave] May the Golden Order shine through you.
Leaving the Roundtable Hold:
There's something I should mention to you as well. I'm thinking of leaving the Roundtable Hold. Do you know of the noble Goldmask ? Though he was a Tarnished, living outside the Lands Between, he was a great scholar, who foresaw the coming guidance of grace. And now, I hear he has come to the Lands between alone, to contemplate the Golden Order... I wish nothing more than to seek his instruction, and perhaps even help him in his research.
Ah, I've been waiting your return. I've decided to leave the Roundtable Hold after all. As I mentioned, I'm off in search of the noble Goldmask. We may not meet again for some time. If there's any incantations you wish to learn, now is the moment.
At the Altus Plateau:
Ah, look who we have here. How delightful, to meet a familiar face, even after departing the Roundtable Hold. I've been doing some learning of my own since then, actually. And will happily pass it along to you.
[About the noble Goldmask] I'm yet to find the noble Goldmask. I suppose he'll be closer to the Erdtree. The path ahead might be perilous, but tread it I shall. Since departing the Roundtable Hold, I've come to understand, in my solitude, how little it is I truly know...
[Tell the noble Goldmaks's whereabouts] Do...do you sport with me!? From your description, it can be no other than the Goldmask himself! Of course, of course, I knew he would be close by. Bless the Golden Order, and its benevolent rays. And to you too. My sincerest thanks.
Bridge above Road of Iniquity Side Path :
Ah, we meet yet again. Thanks to you, I have become acquainted with the noble Goldmask himself, and taken my place by his side as you can see. Have no fear, I will still teach you incantations, as before. Though we must do so quietly, such that we do not disturb the great master's cogitation.
[About the noble Goldmask] The master is always deep in contemplation. While I frantically attempt to record his wisdom; the movement of his finger. And though I am yet to comprehend the daintiest morsel of his wisdom... I know that this, this is my life's calling. The Golden Order has bestowed me, talentless as I am, the great duty of documentarian.
[Handing over a prayerbook after meeting Goldmask, except Golden Order Principia] That... is a work of heresy. Its incantations bear no lineage from the Erdtree. (sigh) Very well... I'll take it off your hands. I cannot afford to maintain my innocence any longer. I must dirty my hands to test my faith. Even if it offers only the most meagre of hints, I will do whatever I can to help my master.
§ At Leyndell, Royal Capital:
[To Goldmask] Master! What ever is the matter? Please, I implore you continue! Continue your reflections, your rhythms! I must be the one to record them! What matters this issue of Radagon, really? The Erdtree, heart of the Golden Order, lies before our very eyes! Why must these qualms come to you now? We were on the very cusp!
Oh, was that you? Sorry, I hardly noticed. I'm a little shaken since the master ceased his movements.
The master's reflections had heightened as we neared the Erdtree. While still a precise calculus, the rhythms grew increasingly wild. Until he simply ceased. Now the master is facing quite the puzzle. The Golden Order is founded on the principle that Marika is the one true god. However... The name of Marika's second husband, King Consort Radagon, also appeared... Who exactly was Radagon? The master is stumped. His finger has remained still, ever since Radagon's name was discovered. Curse my mediocre mind. The master only has me; and here I fail him.
[After telling Goldmask the statue's secret] What on Earth did you do to the master? Well, not that I'm complaining. Master's finger moves again, resuming his cogitation; more than good enough for me. I haven't the words to thank you. So I'd like to pass this on to you instead. A glimpse into the heart of the Golden Order, documented by yours truly.
[After telling Goldmask the statue's secret] To think, that Radagon was Marika herself. Or at least, such is all I can interpret from the rhythm and calculus of his finger. How would such a thing even have been possible, I wonder. Sadly, I cannot comprehend it myself. Do you have a fuller understanding of the matter? Well, either way, I can continue my documentation. In truth, it matters very little whether I understand the master's thoughts or not. I am merely his scribe. It is my sole and unwavering purpose.
At Stargazers' Ruins Bridge:
Ah, nice to see you. I can't believe you've come all this way.
I've been gripped by a terrifying thought. The rhythms and calculus of the master's finger... betray a suspicion of the holism of the Golden Order. A conceit, I am afraid, that cannot be overlooked. Oh, but how could this be? I dread to even entertain the possibility... but somehow, I cannot cast aside my doubts about the master. Tell me, have I simply lost my head? Only, if the master were true to the Golden Order, why would he think to breach this forbidden mount of fire?
Oh master, put my mind at ease. Dispel these fearsome thoughts. I want to place my trust in you, to be your scribe.
[Offering the Tonic of Forgetfulness ] It will make me forget, you say? So that I can push aside these frightful thoughts... Ha... ha ha... Would that I could... Would that I could...
[After completing Crumbling Farum Azula, if the Tonic was offered] Master... where did you go? I'm right here. Please, show me. Your finger. Your rhythms, and calculus... Let me document the motions... Master... Master... Where did you go?
At Leyndell, Ashen Capital (if the Tonic was NOT offered)
Oh, it's you. I've finally come to understand. The master was nothing more than a madman. Enchanted by a vain and ruinous delusion, he rejected the perfection of the Golden Order, seeking to supplant our glorious faith with his own! Could there be a more pitiable comedy? Look at it. The culmination of perfection, burning, before our very eyes! Ha... ha ha ha...
(Warning) Ngh! What are you trying to achieve? Cease that!
(Combat) You've done it now. Faith grants me strength, that I might endure. O Golden Order, shine through me.
( On player kill ) I pray... That the guidance of grace abandons you.
(On player kill with goldmask) Please don't trouble us again.
O guidance...of grace... Why...can't I
(With Goldmask) O master... To be ever at your side...
Corhyn can be accidentally killed or found dead in some cases if players progress too far without interacting with him. Some players have even mistaken him for an enemy soldier due to his appearance in the environments he is found in. Attack him and he will use his Flail and Sacred Seal to Heal himself during combat. If killed he drops Corhyn's Bell Bearing . Flail . Corhyn's Robe . Players have attempted to undo this action by going to the Church of Vows and seeking absolution, however this action does not resurrect fallen NPCs and can only absolve any hostile relationships. Players have also reported finding him dead at his second location: north of Altus Highway Junction after meeting him at the Roundtable Hold .
With Corhyn dead, you may miss out on his merchant stock: a few Incantations and items related to the parts of his questline that involve Goldmask . For example, progressing through his questline will enable him to sell you the incantation Immutable Shield .
It is possible to progress through the Goldmask questline without Corhyn, so long as you follow the questline steps and do not require the locational hints Corhyn provides. After casting the Law of Regression at the relevant location in Leyndell, Royal Capital , look for Goldmask on the cliff above and tell him the secret as usual. The next steps will occur after the Capital of Ash event is triggered and you find Goldmask at his final location. He will be in Leyndell, Ashen Capital at the level below the colosseum cliffs where he stood previously (facing the west side of the Erdtree Sanctuary Site of Grace). He will give you the Mending Rune of Perfect Order . Reload the area to loot Goldmask's Set .
After meeting Brother Corhyn for the first time, you'll receive the Prayer Gesture .
If provoked, Corhyn wields a Flail and a sacred seal, which he uses to cast Heal .
If you manage to burn the Erdtree before ever reaching the Altus Plateau, meaning Brother Corhyn never leaves the Roundtable Hold, he will die when the Roundtable erupts into flame. You can accomplish this by defeating Fia's Chosen within the Deeproot Depths, which unlocks a teleporter directly to the Capital. From there, you can access the Mountaintops of the Giants without passing through the Plateau proper.
You can accomplish this by defeating Fia's Chosen within the Deeproot Depths, which unlocks a teleporter directly to the Capital. From there, you can access the Mountaintops of the Giants without passing through the Plateau proper.
Robe of Corhyn the cleric.
Even after exile, Corhyn refused to recant his prophecies. And for this, he was blessed with the guidance of grace.
Since then, the cart wheel draped on his neck has served as a reminder. That true guidance awaits those with iron wills. Those with unwavering faith.
Blindfold of exiled prophets who foretold misfortune — and were persecuted and driven from their homes as a result.
Why hesitate, if the path leading to the future is clear? Just close your eyes, and walk.
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists.
Enchants shield held in the left hand with the light of regression, increasing all forms of non-physical damage negation and ailment resistance.
Two concepts form the basis for Golden Order fundamentalism. One is the law of regression, to which this incantation relates.
Prayerbook of the Golden Order fundamentalists. A dense and complex academic treatise that contains the Order's fundamental principles.
Can be given to a learned cleric to gain access to the following incantations:
Radagon's Rings of Light
A mask designed to resemble a blazing golden halo. Created and left behind by Lord Goldmask, a staunch pursuer of Golden Order fundamentalism. Strengthens Golden Order incantations. Its striking design represents both the brilliant inspiration that once shone upon him, and the vision of a ring that he will surely find at the end of his pursuit.
"To you who seek to shine as I do, wear it well!"
Rune discovered by the noble Goldmask. Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord.
A rune of transcendental ideology which will attempt to perfect the Golden Order.
The current imperfection of the Golden Order, or instability of ideology, can be blamed upon the fickleness of the gods no better than men. That is the fly in the ointment.
Brother Corhyn at Leyndell, Ashen Capital, at the end of his questline.
I teach incantations, the strength granted us by the Two Fingers, and explore the secrets of the Golden Order.
Brother Corhyn is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) . He can be given prayerbooks in exchange for access to an array of Incantations.
3 Character Information 3.1 Basic Info 3.2 Equipment 3.3 Quest Items
4 Questline Progression
Brother Corhyn is a cleric of the Golden Order , who was granted the guidance of Grace due to his iron will and unwavering faith in the face of his exile [ 1 ] . At some point, Corhyn made his way to Roundtable Hold , where he teaches the incantations of the Two Fingers to Tarnished of the Roundtable, hoping that one of them might one day claim the title of Elden Lord , so that Corhyn might council them. [ 2 ] When a Tarnished champion makes their way to the Roundtable, Corhyn introduces himself to them, and offers his tutelage. Corhyn will even teach the champion heretical incantations, from outside the line of the Erdtree , though he does so reluctantly.
After the Tarnished champion opens the way to the Altus Plateau , Corhyn announces that he is departing the Roundtable to search for the legendary Goldmask , an eminent scholar of the Golden Order . While searching for Goldmask, Corhyn continues his own investigations into the nature of the Golden Order, and while he makes some advancements, he also becomes aware of how little he truly knows. [ 3 ] With guidance from the Tarnished champion, Corhyn is united with Goldmask.
Corhyn takes it upon himself to become Goldmask's disciple and to chronicle his wisdom, deciphering the meaning behind every minute movement made by the mute Goldmask. The process goes well, until Goldmask's movements suddenly cease, as he is confounded by the nature of Radagon . The Tarnished champion may solve the riddle, revealing to Goldmask that Radagon and Queen Marika the Eternal are in fact one and the same, allowing Corhyn to continue his work. [ 4 ]
Goldmask leads his disciple to the Forbidden Lands and the Mountaintops of the Giants , where none may tread. Corhyn continues his duty, but begins to doubt his master. He detects in his movements that Goldmask has begun to suspect the holism of the Golden Order , an unacceptable heresy in Corhyn's mind. [ 5 ] Corhyn continues to serve his master, but is tormented by doubt.
After the Tarnished champion unleashes the flame of the giants to burn the Erdtree , Corhyn is found in the ashen ruins of Leyndell, Royal Capital . Corhyn denounces his master as nothing more than a madman, who rejected the perfection of the Golden Order and sought to replace it with his own "perfected" order. [ 6 ] As the Erdtree burns above him, Corhyn loses his mind. Alternatively, Corhyn may be offered the Tonic of Forgetfulness, causing him to remain in the Mountaintops, seemingly unaware that Goldmask has returned to Leyndell. [ 7 ]
Roundtable Hold Corhyn can be found in the central chamber of Roundtable Hold, where he will offer to teach you several Incantations. His shop inventory can be increased by giving him prayerbooks.
Corhyn can be found in the central chamber of Roundtable Hold, where he will offer to teach you several Incantations. His shop inventory can be increased by giving him prayerbooks.
Roundtable Hold After reaching Altus Plateau, Corhyn will express an interest in searching for Goldmask.
After reaching Altus Plateau, Corhyn will express an interest in searching for Goldmask.
Altus Plateau Corhyn can be found near the Altus Highway Site of Grace. Talking to him here after finding Goldmask will allow you to reveal Goldmask's location to him.
Corhyn can be found near the Altus Highway Site of Grace.
Talking to him here after finding Goldmask will allow you to reveal Goldmask's location to him.
Altus Plateau (Forest-Spanning Greatbridge) Corhyn will now appear next to Goldmask. The pair will now travel together.
Corhyn will now appear next to Goldmask. The pair will now travel together.
Leyndell, Royal Capital Corhyn and Goldmask can be found near the colosseum. Corhyn will express frustration at Goldmask's current obsession with Radagon. After using Law of Regression in front of the Radagon statue past the lift near Erdtree Sanctuary, talk to Goldmask to reveal Radagon's secret and then talk to Corhyn.
Corhyn and Goldmask can be found near the colosseum. Corhyn will express frustration at Goldmask's current obsession with Radagon.
After using Law of Regression in front of the Radagon statue past the lift near Erdtree Sanctuary, talk to Goldmask to reveal Radagon's secret and then talk to Corhyn.
Mountaintops of the Giants Corhyn and Goldmask will move to the bridge south of Stargazer's Ruins . Corhyn can be offered the Tonic of Forgetfulness, which will affect the end of his questline. If offered the Tonic of Forgetfulness, Corhyn will remain in this location after defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade after Goldmask leaves. After reloading the area, he will have disappeared, leaving behind his flail, robe, and bell bearing.
Corhyn and Goldmask will move to the bridge south of Stargazer's Ruins . Corhyn can be offered the Tonic of Forgetfulness, which will affect the end of his questline.
If offered the Tonic of Forgetfulness, Corhyn will remain in this location after defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade after Goldmask leaves. After reloading the area, he will have disappeared, leaving behind his flail, robe, and bell bearing.
Leyndell, Ashen Capital If Corhyn was not offered the Tonic of Forgetfulness, he will appear in Leyndell, Ashen Capital, close to the giant Bolt of Gransax after defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade. After exhausting his dialogue and resting at a Site of Grace, he will be gone.
If Corhyn was not offered the Tonic of Forgetfulness, he will appear in Leyndell, Ashen Capital, close to the giant Bolt of Gransax after defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade. After exhausting his dialogue and resting at a Site of Grace, he will be gone.
Corhyn will refuse to take the Tonic of Forgetfuln

---

area: Altus Plateau
chapter: 13
name: Goldmask
Goldmask is a Tarnished NPC in Elden Ring . Goldmask can be found at various locations starting in Altus Plateau . He is also part of Brother Corhyn's questline, and is a staunch pursuer of Golden Order Fundamentalism . At each location, he does not move.
Do you know of the Noble Goldmask? Though he was but a Tarnished, living outside the Lands Between, he was a great scholar, who foresaw the coming guidance of Grace. - Brother Corhyn
If attacked, they will simply disappear.
Attacking this NPC does not mark you as a sinner
Goldmask can be found at in multiple locations:
First found North in Altus Plateau region at the forest spanning greatbridge. [ Map Link ]
After gaining access to Leyndell, Royal Capital , he relocates to the colosseum in Leyndell, Royal Capital . [ Map Link ]
He then relocates to the Mountaintops of The Giants .
His corpse can then be found near his original location at the bottom of the colosseum in the Ashen Capital .
Goldmask is part of Brother Corhyn's Questline.
This NPC has no dialogue other than "..."
Gives Mending Rune of Perfect Order in Leyndell, Ashen Capital at the end of Brother Corhyn's Questline. Head south-southwest from the Ashen Capital Site of Grace past the round staircase on your left and cross the tree log bridge, heading up the stairs to the south opposite the Giant Miranda Sprout . Goldmask's corpse will be uphill just around the bend, lying in light along the right wall.
If you go back to his corpse after you get the Mending Rune of Perfect Order , he will drop Goldmask's Set (excluding the Radiant Gold Mask , which can be picked up in the Altus Plateau ). [ Map Link ]
His voice actor, Ryan Morris, also voices Horace the Hushed from Dark Souls III and the Messengers from Bloodborne.
Worn rags that just barely cover the body.
Lord Goldmask felt no draw to the vain excess of clothing; what use is finery to one who seeks greater brilliance?
A mask designed to resemble a blazing golden halo. Created and left behind by Lord Goldmask, a staunch pursuer of Golden Order fundamentalism.
Strengthens Golden Order incantations.
Its striking design represents both the brilliant inspiration that once shone upon him, and the vision of a ring that he will surely find at the end of his pursuit.
"To you who seek to shine as I do, wear it well!"
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists. Used by hunters of Those Who Live in Death.
Alleviates death blight buildup.
The noble Goldmask lamented what had become of the hunters. How easy it is for learning and learnedness to be reduced to the ravings of fanatics; all the good and the great wanted, in their foolishness, was an absolute evil to contend with.
Does such a notion exist in the fundamentals of Order?
Incantation of the Golden Order fundamentalists. One of the key fundamentals.
Heals all negative statuses, dispels special effects, and reveals mimicry in all its forms.
The fundamentalists describe the Golden Order through the powers of regression and causality. Regression is the pull of meaning; that all things yearn eternally to converge.
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists. One of the key fundamentals.
Manifests a small ring of causality within that allows the caster to automatically retaliate upon receiving a certain number of blows. The fundamentalists describe the Golden Order through the powers of regression and causality. Causality is the pull between meanings; that which links all things in a chain of relation .
Rune discovered by the noble Goldmask. Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord.
A rune of transcendental ideology which will attempt to perfect the Golden Order.
The current imperfection of the Golden Order, or instability of ideology, can be blamed upon the fickleness of the gods no better than men. That is the fly in the ointment.
Though he was but a Tarnished, living outside the Lands Between, he was a great scholar, who foresaw the coming guidance of grace. And now, I hear he has come to the Lands Between alone, to contemplate the Golden Order...
The Golden Order is founded on the principle that Marika is the one true god. However... The name of Marika's second husband, King Consort Radagon, also appeared... Who exactly was Radagon? The master is stumped.
I've…been gripped by a terrifying thought. The rhythms and calculus of the master's finger... betray a suspicion of the holism of the Golden Order. A conceit, I am afraid, that cannot be overlooked.
Only, if the master were true to the Golden Order, why would he think to breach this forbidden mount of fire?
"Do you know of the Noble Goldmask? Though he was but a Tarnished, living outside the Lands Between, he was a great scholar, who foresaw the coming guidance of Grace."
Goldmask is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Goldmask is a Tarnished scholar and staunch Golden Order fundamentalist. [ 1 ] He predicted the guidance of Grace, and upon being beckoned by it he came to the Lands Between to contemplate the Golden Order. [ 2 ]
Although a Golden Order fundamentalist himself, Goldmask was critical of the hunters of Those Who Live in Death, lamenting that their learnedness had been reduced to fanatical raving and an obsession with finding a great evil to contend with, a concept which he did not believe existed within the Golden Order. [ 3 ]
While contemplating the Erdtree in the Altus Plateau Goldmask is approached by Brother Corhyn , a man of the cloth who wished to travel alongside him as a scholar. In Leyndell , Goldmask becomes perplexed by the identity of Radagon , whose existence calls into question the principle that Queen Marika the Eternal is the one true god. [ 4 ] With the help of the The Tarnished , Goldmask learns that Radagon is Marika.
Goldmask and Corhyn then travel to the Mountaintops of the Giants , where Corhyn becomes aware of Goldmask's suspicions regarding the holism of the Golden Order. [ 5 ] Corhyn begins to doubt Goldmask's faith, questioning his decision to travel to the Mountaintops. [ 6 ]
Goldmask had come to the revelation that the imperfection of the Golden Order and the instability of ideology was due to the fickleness of the gods. [ 7 ] After the Erdtree burns, Goldmask returns to Leyndell and dies on the hill near the Erdtree Sanctuary, leaving behind the Mending Rune of Perfect Order , which would allow the Golden Order to be perfected.
Goldmask cannot be made hostile, and will disappear if attacked, giving no Runes or item drops. He will reappear in his last location after resting at a Site of Grace.
Altus Plateau (Forest-Spanning Greatbridge) Goldmask can be found at the end of the broken bridge, facing the Erdtree. Interact with him to progress.
Goldmask can be found at the end of the broken bridge, facing the Erdtree. Interact with him to progress.
Altus Plateau (near Altus Highway Junction) Speak to Corhyn to reveal Goldmask's location.
Speak to Corhyn to reveal Goldmask's location.
Altus Plateau (Forest-Spanning Greatbridge) Return to the bridge and exhaust Corhyn's dialogue.
Return to the bridge and exhaust Corhyn's dialogue.
Leyndell, Royal Capital Goldmask and Corhyn can be found near the colosseum. Corhyn will express frustration at Goldmask's current obsession with Radagon. After using Law of Regression in front of the Radagon statue past the lift near Erdtree Sanctuary, talk to Goldmask to reveal Radagon's secret and then talk to Corhyn.
Goldmask and Corhyn can be found near the colosseum. Corhyn will express frustration at Goldmask's current obsession with Radagon.
After using Law of Regression in front of the Radagon statue past the lift near Erdtree Sanctuary, talk to Goldmask to reveal Radagon's secret and then talk to Corhyn.
Mountaintops of the Giants Goldmask and Corhyn will move to the bridge south of Stargazer's Ruins .
Goldmask and Corhyn will move to the bridge south of Stargazer's Ruins .
Leyndell, Ashen Capital After defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade , Goldmask's corpse can be found on a slope near the colosseum. Loot his corpse to receive the Mending Rune of Perfect Order, which will unlock the option to complete the Age of Order ending. After reloading the area, return to Goldmask's corpse to retrieve Goldmask's Rags, Gold Bracelets, and Gold Waistwrap.
After defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade , Goldmask's corpse can be found on a slope near the colosseum. Loot his corpse to receive the Mending Rune of Perfect Order, which will unlock the option to complete the Age of Order ending.
After reloading the area, return to Goldmask's corpse to retrieve Goldmask's Rags, Gold Bracelets, and Gold Waistwrap.
Goldmask is among the Tarnished listed in the game's intro. He is depicted splayed on the ground across a carving of the Erdtree Incantation sigil, alongside a book and a container leaking a golden fluid. Grace can be seen gleaming in front of him.
Goldmask is voiced by Ryan Morris, a translator and localizer at Frognation. He's also a voice director who has a history of voicing mute/non-talkative characters in FROMSOFT games, such as Horace the Horace the Hushed in Dark Souls III and the Messengers in Bloodborne .
While Goldmask is a silent NPC, he technically has one line of dialogue: a simple gasp when you reveal them him that Radagon is Marika .

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Enia the Finger Reader
Enia or Finger Reader Enia is an NPC in Elden Ring . Enia is an ancient woman, wielding a massive club. She is known as the Finger Reader . Enia can help the player draw out the power that lies within a remembrance of a powerful deity. Enia is different from the nameless Finger Readers that you meet in different areas, Enia seems to know you, but for the Finger Readers, their interests pique as they try to read what is written on your fingers. Enia also serves as a direct interpreter of the Two Fingers , envoys to the Greater Will .
Champion and Boss Equipment
Remembrance Transformation
The Fingers guide us all. And you Tarnished, you are here to take, are you not?
Enia can be found at Roundtable Hold as a merchant. She will be in the room with the Two Fingers, which can be accessed after defeating a Shardbearer.
This NPC does not move.
This merchant can't be fought.
You can draw out heroic powers from memories, known as Remembrances . Note that each memory can provide one power. Once that power is claimed, the memory is lost. Note that Remembrances can be duplicated at a Walking Mausoleum . Only one remembrance may be duplicated per mausoleum, and only one time. Using this method makes it possible to obtain both powers from the same remembrance, in the same playthrough. You cannot obtain two copies of a power in the same playthrough.
Shadow of the Erdtree added Remembrance Duplication Coffins which function the same as the Mausoleums, they fulfill the same role, but unlike their base game counterpart, they are not guarded nor do they move in place.
Note : Purchasing all remembrance items costs 72,000.
Are you the new Tarnished? You've done well. I am Enia, the Finger Reader.
I interpret the words of the Fingers, envoys to the Greater Will.
Look there. The Fingers tremble. To welcome you, shardbearer. Let their wisdom wash over you.
Great Elden Ring, root of the Golden Order. Anchor of all lands, giver of grace, wellspring of all joy. Until it was shattered.
The tragic corruption of the Order has taken its toll. Across the realm, life lies in ruin. Fallen to pieces. Foul curses and misery spread, unabating.
But the Greater Will has not abandoned the realm, nor the life that inhabits it. So it is that the Tarnished are guided by grace. Called to act. Brave Tarnished, your Great Rune is a handsome shard of the Elden Ring. Seek another of its kind. To become Elden Lord, and restore the Golden Order.
Let the words of the Fingers guide you.
Well, well...I see... A remembrance of gold has found its way into your possession.
Demigods, and even the greater of the champions, are hewn by the Erdtree upon their end, into remembrances.
They are...valuable indeed.
These remembrances yet house the power of their former masters. And should you wish to wield that same power, well... I will lend you the strength of the Fingers.
Heh... Do not recoil from my offer. The Fingers guide us all.
And you Tarnished, you are here to take, are you not?
Ahh, Great Runes are the stuff of demigods: the children of the goddess, Queen Marika. She who is vessel of the Elden Ring. Tainted by the strength of their runes, her children warred, but none could become Elden Lord. And so grace was extended, to your kind, the Tarnished Listen, the Fingers speak.
The Greater Will has long renounced the demigods. Tarnished, show no mercy. Have their heads. Take all they have left.
...Indeed. But remember one thing. The demigods are each and all the direct offspring of Queen Marika. Godrick the Grafted was but a distant relation... The runt of the litter, his divine blood sorely diluted.
Queen Marika is the vessel of the Elden Ring, carrier of its vision. A god, in truth.
But after the Elden Ring's shattering, she was imprisoned in the Erdtree.
A grim punishment for shattering the Order, despite her godhood.
The Fingers speak...
Marika's trespass demanded a heavy sentence. But even in shackles, she remains a god, and the vision's vessel. Confer Great Runes to become Elden Lord, and join Queen Marika as her consort. The Fingers have willed it so.
I had my doubts, but...my, look at you. Only once before have I seen two Great Runes together. Look there. The Fingers shudder with exuberance.
Fine work, brave Tarnished. The Greater Will is pleased. You have earned the right to become Elden Lord. Now, seek the Erdtree, and an audience with Queen Marika. To become Elden Lord, and restore the Golden Order.
The Fingers expect... As much from you as they do young Gideon. Take this. A token of farewell.
Well, you managed to return. You know what this means. The Erdtree has spurned you. The Fingers remain still. Shaken by this turn of events, they are busy consulting the Greater Will. When they are finished, the Fingers will once again offer their guidance.
But thousands, if not tens of thousands, of moons must first pass. No matter for me. But you? How will you ever manage the wait... My, oh, my...
Heavens forbid... That is not the domain of mere men. The burning of the Erdtree is the first cardinal sin. And you say you seek the power of the Rune of Death, too?
The Rune of Death goes by two names; the other is Destined Death. The forbidden shadow, plucked from the Golden Order upon its creation... Unleashing the rune now would be unthinkable... The Fingers would never permit it. Nor would the Greater Will.
... But here we are... The Fingers, dormant, severing our link to the Greater Will. The realm, and all life, in ruins. Impossible events transpire, beyond the ken of the Fingers. Who is to say that the cardinal sin must be cardinal forever? Go on. Finish the job. Take the course you deem most worthy.
You must find kindling. Only the smoldering flame in the Great Forge of the Giants, on the highest peak in the Lands Between, can burn the Erdtree.
But special kindling is required to reignite the flame. For the flame to burn the Erdtree, a sacrifice is needed. Of one who envisions the flame. And can lead you to the Rune of Death.
You've done it, I see. What use do you have for me, now? I am a Finger Reader. I will remain here, until their dialogue ends, and the Fingers speak again. Do as you please. Take whatever course seems most worthy to you. Now, you may go.
Enia - 2nd time speaking to her:
Heh, heh, heh. You'd force this tired old crone to work, even now? A harder taskmaster I have never met.
Enia - 3rd time speaking to her, after reloading area:
Don't worry, my dear. I'll see it to the end with you, if it please.
Enia - Upon leaving:
Now, go forth. Let the words of the Fingers guide you
Enia - Upon leaving, after visiting Crumbling Farum Azula :
Now, go forth. Do what you believe is right.
(After defeating Maliketh ... and releasing Destined Death ... from the cutscene)
The Rune of Death is unbound, and the Lands Between are shrouded by Death's dark fate. But the flames will also burn the impenetrable thorns. Farewell it is, then. You'll be Elden Lord yet.
Past this point, Enia will no longer have any further dialogue at the Roundtable Hold ; nor elsewhere.
However, she will continue to transform remembrances and sell boss armors .
Small, withered bag, knitted by hand. Bestowed upon the ruling lord, or those attempting to become lord, by the elderly Finger Reader.
Increases talisman equip slots.
As the voices of the Two Fingers, Finger Readers are said to live lives eternal, and one is even supposed to have served as a wetnurse to royalty.
One of the weapons originating from the Two Fingers.
A formless sequence of ciphers comprise its blade, and as such no shield can repel it. Deals holy damage.
The furtive inscription appears to hang in the air; the language of light spoken by the Two Fingers.
Hidden sword once granted to the Tarnished of the Roundtable by the Two Fingers. A formless cipher comprises its blade, which deals holy damage no shield can repel.
Champions would gather at the Roundtable Hold in days long past, when the Two Fingers were masters of oration, their flesh yet full of vigor.
Are you that new Tarnished? You've done well. I am Enia, the Finger Reader. I interpret the words of the Fingers, envoys to the Greater Will.
- Finger Reader Enia
Finger Reader Enia is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Shop inventory 2.1 Power from Remembrance 2.2 Equipment of Champions
2.1 Power from Remembrance
2.2 Equipment of Champions
3 Character Information 3.1 Quest Items
4 Questline Progression
Enia is a Finger Reader, much like the Finger Reader Crones scattered across the Lands Between . She interprets the words of the Two Fingers , envoys of the Greater Will . [ 1 ] The Tarnished meets her in the Two Fingers' audience chamber in Roundtable Hold after claiming a Great Rune , where she imparts the wisdom of the Two Fingers upon them, revealing that they must gather more Great Runes to repair the shattered Elden Ring and become Elden Lord . [ 2 ] In addition to her guidance, Enia offers to grant the Tarnished the power housed within the Remembrances they gain from killing powerful foes. [ 3 ] Enia remains in Roundtable Hold alongside the Two Fingers, offering words of wisdom throughout the Tarnished's journey. After the Tarnished defeats Morgott, the Omen King and finds the way inside the Erdtree blocked by impenetrable thorns, the Two Fingers begin their long communication with the Greater Will. [ 4 ] Enia, discovering that the Tarnished intends to burn the Erdtree and unleash the Rune of Death , Enia forewarns them of the dangers, telling them that the Two Fingers and Greater Will would not approve of this course of action. [ 5 ] With the Fingers dormant, Enia ultimately advises the Tarnished to do what they think is right. [ 6 ]
After the Rune of Death is unleashed, Enia dies along with the Two Fingers.
The following are items that can be purchased after defeating certain bosses.
Enia can first be spoken to in Roundtable Hold, in the door west of the Table of Lost Grace, after defeating a Shardbearer. Exhaust her dialogue to unlock her two shop inventories.
After defeating two Shardbearers, speak to Enia again to receive a Talisman Pouch. If you defeat Morgott, Omen King before speaking to Enia during this step, the Talisman Pouch will be available to purchase from the Twin Maiden Husks .
If you defeat Morgott, Omen King before speaking to Enia during this step, the Talisman Pouch will be available to purchase from the Twin Maiden Husks .
After defeating Morgott, Omen King and attempting to access the Erdtree, speak to Enia again for some additional dialogue.
After gaining access to Crumbling Farum Azula , speak to Enia again for some additional dialogue.
Enia will narrate the cutscene that plays after defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade. She will now be dead upon returning to Roundtable Hold, however her shop inventories can still be accessed by interacting with her corpse.

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Twin Maiden Husks
Twin Maiden Husks is an NPC and Merchant in Elden Ring . Twin Maiden Husks look like two Finger Readers , holding a staff, and will take Bell Bearing objects to expand their inventory, giving players an option to purchase many Upgrade Materials and the stores of any dead merchant.
Twin Maiden Husks can be found at Roundtable Hold
This NPC does not move
This merchant can't be fought
This shop is expanded by bringing "Bell Bearing" Key Items.
Quick Search of All Skills
This table is also sortable! Click the table header to sort
*Original merchant requires a Scroll , a Prayerbook , or quest progression to unlock this item
Some items in the Twin Maiden Husks' shop can only be unlocked by offering bell bearings, which can be found across the world or looted from killed merchants. Note that, in the case of killed merchants, only unlocked items will appear in the Twin Maiden Husks' shop upon offering the bell bearing (e.g. giving Sorceress Sellen the Royal House Scroll is required for her bell bearing to add Glintblade Phalanx and Carian Slicer to the Twin Maiden Husks' shop). Likewise, items already purchased from a merchant will not be restocked if they are killed and their bell bearing offered.
As of Patch 1.05, all  items unlocked by offering the following Bell Bearings to the Twin Maiden Husks will carry over to NG+:
Bone Peddler's Bell Bearing
Meat Peddler's Bell Bearing
Medicine Peddler's Bell Bearing
Gravity Stone Peddler's Bell Bearing
Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (1)
Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (2)
Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (3)
Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (4)
Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (1)
Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (2)
Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (3)
Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (4)
Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (5)
Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (1)
Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (2)
Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (3)
Ghost-Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (1)
Ghost-Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (2)
Ghost-Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (3)
See the Bell Bearings article for a complete list of bell bearings and where to find them.
The Twin Maiden Husks are silent and have no dialogue.
Dialogue menu options:
Purchase: open the shop for items not from other merchants
Offer a bell bearing: offer a bell bearing to the Twin Maiden Husks
Bell bearing shop 1:
Bell bearing shop 2:
Bell bearing shop 3:
Bell bearing shop 4:
Bell bearing shop 5:
Leave: exit dialogue
Important Note: If any other Merchants in the world are killed whether accidentally or by a hostile's attacks, their inventory is added to the Twin Maiden Husks' so you can still purchase said merchants' items in the event of their demise.
If you miss interacting with Ranni the Witch at Church of Elleh , and meet her at Ranni's Rise , Twin Maiden Husks will sell Spirit Calling Bell and Lone Wolf Ashes , which would otherwise be given to you by Ranni at Church of Elleh.
All non-boss items in Enia 's shop were relocated to the Twin Maiden Husks' shop
The Twin Maiden Husks are an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
The Twin Maiden Husks are a pair of merchants in the Roundtable Hold . They are corpses, and cannot speak, nor move. Their shop is expanded by giving them Bell Bearings that can be acquired throughout the game.
The Twin Maiden Husks are found on the upper level of the Roundtable Hold.

---

area: Mt. Gelmir
chapter: 14
name: Tanith
Tanith, Volcano Manor Proprietress is an NPC in Elden Ring . Tanith is the head of the Volcano Manor, and asks the players about joining forces against the Fingers. If you decide to join her quest, you will receive particular missions as well as access to some new Npcs .
I am Tanith, the proprietress of this house. An honour to have you.
Tanith can be found at Volcano Manor . [ Elden Ring Map here ]
This merchant can/can't be fought
If defeated, drops: Consort's Set
Can be given Dancer's Castanets .
When asked if you would like to join the Volcano Manor family, say yes and she will give you the Drawing-Room Key . This will allow you to access the other dorms and meet the other NPCs in the area.
Once you enter the room with Rya , there will be a Letter from Volcano Manor left on the table for you along with a Recusant Finger . Read the note and return to Tanith where she will tell you to assassinate Old Knight Istvan . In order to assassinate Istvan, you will need to invade him back in Stormhill, next to the Divine Bridge. [ Map Link ]
In order to assassinate Istvan, you will need to invade him back in Stormhill, next to the Divine Bridge. [ Map Link ]
Return to Tanith and you'll be rewarded with Magma Shot .
Reload. In the room with Knight Bernahl (second/third left door in hallway) will be a Letter from Volcano Manor on the table for you. Read the note and then assassinate Rileigh the Idle in Altus Plateau .
Return to Tanith and you'll be rewarded with the Serpentbone Blade .
Reload. In the room with Knight Bernahl will be a Red Letter on the table for you. It tells you to assassinate Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood . His invasion mark is located in Mountaintops of the Giants . [ Elden Ring Map here ]
Return to Tanith and you'll be rewarded with Taker's Cameo . Note: If you have defeated Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy before returning, the reward will appear on the table on the same spot as the letters.
Note: If you have defeated Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy before returning, the reward will appear on the table on the same spot as the letters.
Once you have completed her assassination quests, she will ask if you would like to meet their lord. Accepting her request takes you directly to a site of grace immediately before the boss Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy .
Once you have defeated Rykard , return to Tanith and speak to her once more.
Once Tanith has disappeared from Volcano Manor, you will find her back in Rykard's boss area feasting on his corpse.
At this stage you can give her Dancer's Castanets that you receive from Patches at the Shaded Castle , although this doesn't seem to any known effect.
She can be killed. Doing so causes Tanith's Knight to invade you. Upon defeat he will drop Aspect of the Crucible: Breath and Tanith's attire, Consort's Set , will be found where she left; Note: It is unconfirmed whether this is her final destination. Reports have shown she will still be eating Rykard's corpse at the end of the game. Receiving the Dancer's Castanets from Patches will not continue her quest after Rykard is defeated.
Note: It is unconfirmed whether this is her final destination. Reports have shown she will still be eating Rykard's corpse at the end of the game. Receiving the Dancer's Castanets from Patches will not continue her quest after Rykard is defeated.
Aren't you precocious. We rarely receive visitors to the Volcano Manor without invitation. Fascinating. And not unlike another guest we had long ago...So, Tarnished, have you ever harboured doubts? About the burden of grace, and the dogmatic ramblings of the Fingers? If you have,  why not join the Volcano Manor, and fight with us? Rise with us, against the Erdtree.
Introduction after journeying with Rya
Brave Tarnished, welcome to the Volcano Manor. I am Tanith, the proprietress of this house. Rya spoke well of you. "A warrior of promise", I believe she said. Perhaps you are prepared to make a commitment. Will you join us here at the Volcano Manor, and resist the tide? Why accept the burden of their grace, or be fooled by the dogmatic ramblings of the Fingers? Rise with us, against the Erdtree.
Your decision is most welcome. Now you belong to the Volcano Manor family. The drawing room lies down the hall. Make yourself comfortable. I am Tanith, the proprietress of this house. An honour to have you. (Gives the Drawing-Room Key )
After you read the letter
Did you read the letter left for you? That is the task the Volcano Manor desires you enact.You will be compensated once the deed is done. Good luck. If you are loath to hunt your own kin, so be it. But you must leave this house at once. This is a war against the Erdtree. We have no place for the meek, nor the luxury of keeping clean hands.
After completing the first quest
You've completed your task. I am pleased. Now you are a recusant true, and a full-fledged member of the Volcano Manor. This is your reward as promised. (Gives Magma Shot ). Never forget. That the recusant fights to tread the path of the champion. The way is tainted, but for this very reason, it is the true path to valour.
After completing the second quest
I see you've performed another task for us. Here is your usual reward. Please, take it. (Gives Serpentbone Blade ). Now, perhaps the time has come to tell you. Of the true ruler of this manor, Lord Rykard. The Erdtree blessed the Tarnished with grace. But it was all too meagre, in the fate of the enormity of their task. The Tarnished were forced to scavenge, squabbling for crumbs. Like the shardbearers, vying for power in the wake of the Shattering. Our Lord, indignant, had refused. To scurry about, fighting over what miserly scraps they allow us. If the Erdtree, and indeed the very gods, would debase us so, then we are willing to raise the banner of resistance, even if it means heresy. We at the Volcano Manor, under Lord Rykard, have sworn no rest until it is done. If you follow this heroic path, one day the Lord will see you. The Lord's visits with our champions are always a spectacle. It cannot come a day too soon!
After completing the third quest
I see that you've stayed the path of champions. This is your usual reward. Please, take it. (Gives Taker's Cameo ). Perhaps you are ready. Might you see our Lord? Our Lord will no doubt welcome you. Another kindred spirit, treading the path of champions.
(See the Lord) Now, close your eyes for a moment. I will transport you to the Lord's chamber.
Farewell, then. May your visit be fruitful.
After defeating Rykard
You... It's true then. You've defeated out Lord. No, I must thank you. Our Lord was yet weak. You have taught us that. Defeat is not the end. Our Lord is immortal, and will one day rise again, stronger. Until then, I must stay the path, and do my part.
I will leave the Volcano Manor before long. I suggest you do the same. I will miss these encounters. The champion who walks the tainted path shines all the more. I always was an admirer.
This is farewell. Perhaps we will meet again, along the path.
Did you see her? The girl, Rya... with her true face... Well, if she confided in you the name Zorayas, then perhaps it is not my place to speak. But as her adoptive mother, I ask of you. Please, be kind to her. Look after young Zorayas. Her true visage belies the purity of her heart... Honestly, I hardly deserve the sweet child.
I should have known something was wrong. The signs were clear enough. Well, Zorayas has placed her trust in you. All the more reason I must tell you. That some things are better left unknown. Besides, no-one should be blamed for their heritage. Think about it. We are resisting the ways of the Erdtree itself. What matters one's lineage in such a crisis.
And she has no scouting duties now. Has she gone off in search of answers? Why won't she just listen...
May I ask your aid? Not as the Manor's proprietress, but as Zorayas' mother. If she discovers the answer to her question, and it causes distress, have her drink this potion. To purge that which would cause her pain. (Gives Tonic of Forgetfulness ). Yes, I know. My wish is a grave disrespect to her. No different than the Erdtree's impostion. But I've no choice... It must be done.
After giving Rya the tonic
I will never be a good mother. My heart is too frail. Our Lord must have known this all along. My meekness is all too clear...
Sweet Zorayas, have I earned your scorn?
My gratitude for your forthrightness. If you would...allow me some time alone.
When you find her eating off Rykard's corpse
Oh, you... Allow me some time. Our lord's carcass is vast and not easily consumed. Dear Rykard, please find purchase within me, I wish to be your serpent; your family. One day, let us devour the gods together.
(Gives the Dancer's Castanets ) What is it? I have no need of that. I must continue devouring my beloved lord.
Before Tanith came to Volcano Manor, she was working as a dancer. Rykard came upon her and made her his consort, making her the only human to remain on his side when he became the serpent of blasphemy. Tanith has shown to have a strong obsession for Rykard.
The Consort's Mask dropped by Tanith raises your dexterity by 1.
Mask worn by Tanith, Lady of the Volcano Manor, in the image of a foreign queen. Increases dexterity.
Long ago, when Rykard first set eyes on Tanith, she was working as a dancer in a foreign land. Soon, he made her his consort. She was the only human to remain by his side when he became the serpent of blasphemy.
In that moment, Tanith was truly charmed by him.
Fine robe of white silk worn by Tanith, Lady of the Volcano Manor.
Tonic in a small brass vial.
Banishes distress and bitter memories.
A gift bestowed by Rykard, sworn to blasphemy, to Lady Tanith, who unfortunately had no use for it. "My Lord, there could be no greater distress than to forget you."
"Lady Tanith is my mother. I am told I was born by the grace of a glorious king."
Rise with us, against the Erdtree.
- Tanith, Volcano Manor Proprietress
Tanith, Volcano Manor Proprietress is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Tanith is the consort of Praetor Rykard and the leader of the Recusants, a band of Tarnished who have taken up arms against the Erdtree and vowed to hunt down their own kind.
When Tanith first met Rykard, she was working as a dancer in a foreign land, but soon she became his consort. [ 1 ] She became truly charmed by Rykard when he swore himself to blasphemy, being the only human to remain by his side when he was devoured by the great serpent [ 2 ] , even refusing to imbibe a Tonic of Forgetfulness offered to her by Rykard, believing there to be no greater distress than to forget him. [ 3 ]
Tanith is the adoptive mother of Rya [ 4 ] , although Rya believes her to be her true mother, having been told that she was born of the grace of a glorious king. [ 5 ] Although they are not biologically related, Tanith professes to care for Rya, who's true name is Zorayas. [ 6 ]
The Tarnished first meets Tanith in the entrance chamber of Volcano Manor , accompanied by her Crucible Knight bodyguard, where she offers them the opportunity to join the Recusants. Should the Tarnished accept, they are tasked with hunting down several other Tarnished. After tracking down and killing two Tarnished, Tanith divulges the truth about Volcano Manor, and about Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy. [ 7 ]
After the Tarnished slays Rykard, Tanith thanks them, as their victory proved Rykard to yet be weak. [ 8 ] She announces that she will leave Volcano Manor [ 9 ] , however she instead moves to Rykard's audience chamber, where she can be found devouring the corpse of her lord, wishing to become his serpent so that they can devour the gods together. [ 10 ]
Defeating Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy at any point during Tanith's questline will cause all subsequent steps in the questline to become locked.#Upon entering Volcano Manor, Tanith can be found to the right of the Site of Grace. Speak to her and agree to join the family. Tanith will give you the Drawing Room Key.
Go into the corridor to the right of Tanith and open the first door on the left. Pick up the Letter from Volcano Manor on the table as well as the Recusant Finger .
Travel to the entrance to the colosseum in Stormhill and interact with the invasion sign to fight Old Knight Istvan. After defeating him, report back to Tanith to obtain Magma Shot.
Go back to the drawing room and pick up the Letter from Volcano Manor. Travel to Altus Plateau and find an invasion sign at the bottom of the gorge leading to Shaded Castle. Interact with the sign to fight Rileigh the Idle. After defeating him, talk to Tanith to obtain the Serpentbone Blade.
(Optional) If you have advanced Rya's questline and met her in serpent form, and rested at a Site of Grace in the main dungeon area of Volcano Manor, speak to Tanith to obtain the Tonic of Forgetfulness. This step will be locked if you kill Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood, before giving Rya the Serpent's Amnion .
Pick up the Red Letter from the drawing room, and travel to the Shack of the Lofty in the Mountaintops of the Giants . Interact with the invasion sign to fight Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood . Report back to Tanith to obtain the Taker's Cameo.
Tanith will now offer to send you directly to Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy, bypassing the rest of the Volcano Manor. Defeat Rykard and return to Tanith and exhaust her dialogue.
Travel to the Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy Site of Grace to find Tanith eating the remains of Rykard.
(Optional) After obtaining the Dancer's Castanets from Patches in Shaded Castle, offer them to Tanith. There is no reward for doing so, however the Dancer's Castanets will be removed from your inventory.
(Optional) Attacking Tanith will cause her to die in a single hit. You will then be invaded by Tanith's Knight . Defeating the knight will reward you with Aspects of the Crucible: Breath and the Consort's Set.
Her name is a tribute to British author Tanith Lee , a friend and colleague of George R.R. Martin's. In her 1978 novel, Night's Master , one segment focuses on a girl named Zorayas, who was the child of a dictator, raised unaware of her origins. [1]

---

area: Mountaintops of the Giants
chapter: 21
name: Juno Hoslow
Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood is a Humanoid Enemy in Elden Ring . Juno Hoslow is a Hostile NPC that you can invade as part of the final contract of the Volcano Manor questline. A Tarnished knight equipped with the signature whips and silver armor of his house, he is also the older brother of Diallos . Other Invadable NPCs can be found here .
See Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood Lore
Juno Hoslow had a younger brother who was all talk and no trousers. His inability to commit to action was such that Juno inherited the Hoslow legacy without resistance, granting him the freedom to shower his little brother with adoration.
Where to Find Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood :
Mountaintops of the Giants : East of Shack of the Lofty . Touch the red Summon Sign on the ground to invade his world. Only available after progressing the Volcano Manor questline. [ Elden Ring Map here ]
Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Always performs the Hoslow's Oath gesture, giving it to the player once completed.
Dual wields Hoslow's Petal Whips, dealing high Strike Damage and inflicting Blood Loss build-up. He also uses Bloodhound's Step to weave in and out of attacks.
Assuming correct timing, all of Juno's right hand whip attacks - including his double whip attack - can be dodged by rolling towards him. Ensure the Tarnished remains just about striking distance away from Juno to bait out an attack.
If rolling towards Juno and immediately attacking, he will either take the hit or use Bloodhound's Step to dodge away. It is best to simply commit to one attack lest he immediately counters with a whip attack of his own.
If Juno uses Bloodhound's Step to dodge away from the follow up attack, he himself will either follow up with another attack or do nothing. However, Juno's idle is often short enough for him to use another attack. Thus, it is simply best to bait out another attack while he is idle.
While it is possible to dodge Juno's left hand whip attack, this is almost impossible as the whip hitbox is confusingly large. It is simply best to back away from Juno if he uses his left hand whip attacks.
Like any human encounter, status effects are very effective.
It is possible to use Inescapable Frenzy to grab him while is busy performing his gesture. (confirmed as of February 3, 2024)
Replica of a twin-tailed silver helm with flowery adornments. Only, without the twin tails.
Diallos Hoslow had an older brother who was a stern, self-possessed man of a few words. His achievements made him seem out of reach.
And so the younger aspired to be like the older. Yearning for the day that he would tell the tale of House Hoslow, in blood. Knowing full well that it would break his brother's heart .
Garish silver armor decorated with red embellishments. Passed down through the Hoslow family. When Juno Hoslow received an invitation to the Volcano Manor, he discreetly refused. "I have already walked many a road drenched in blood, yet never would I consider myself a champion."
A twin-tailed silver helm decorated with flowery adornments. Symbol of the head of the revered House of Hoslow.
Juno Hoslow had a younger brother who was all talk and no trousers.
His inability to commit to action was such that Juno inherited the Hoslow legacy without resistance, granting him the freedom to shower his little brother with adoration .
Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood is a hostile NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Equipment 2.2 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Juno Hoslow is Diallos ' older brother [ 1 ] and the head of their illustrious house . [ 2 ]
A successful, stern and self-possessed man of a few words [ 1 ] , Juno inherited the legacy of the Hoslow family to protect his inept brother, whom he loved dearly. [ 2 ]
Despite dreching himself in blood time and time again, he refused the invitation to the Volcano Manor. [ 3 ] Later, he became their target.
His sign can be found in the Mountaintops of the Giants , outside the Shack of the Lofty .
Mt. Gelmir ( Volcano Manor ) After joining the Volcano Manor and eliminating Old Knight Istvan and Rileigh the Idle under Tanith 's request, retrieve the Red Letter to unlock Juno Hoslow's invasion sign in the Mountaintops of the Giants. With Rileigh dead, you can also talk to Recusant Bernahl to receive the Letter to Bernahl , offering you to join him in his hunt against Vargram the Raging Wolf and Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm in Leyndell, Royal Capital .
After joining the Volcano Manor and eliminating Old Knight Istvan and Rileigh the Idle under Tanith 's request, retrieve the Red Letter to unlock Juno Hoslow's invasion sign in the Mountaintops of the Giants.
With Rileigh dead, you can also talk to Recusant Bernahl to receive the Letter to Bernahl , offering you to join him in his hunt against Vargram the Raging Wolf and Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm in Leyndell, Royal Capital .
Mt. Gelmir (Volcano Manor) Once Juno is disposed of, return to Tanith to receive the Taker's Cameo : she'll now offer to transport you to the Audience Pathway Site of Grace by selecting See the Lord .
Once Juno is disposed of, return to Tanith to receive the Taker's Cameo : she'll now offer to transport you to the Audience Pathway Site of Grace by selecting See the Lord .
With the Red Letter in inventory, even If Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy is defeated prior to the invasion, abruptly concluding Tanith's questline, not only the invasion sign will still be available, but the reward will be relocated in the spot where the Red Letter was retrieved.

---

area: Mt. Gelmir
chapter: 14
name: Volcano Manor
Volcano Manor is a Legacy Dungeon in Elden Ring . Volcano Manor is unique in that much of its progression, if you so choose, can be done outside of the manor itself. You will be tasked with assassinating Tarnished from other worlds, rebelling against the Fingers and the Erdtree itself. There is another way to beat the dungeon, however, if this band of dissenters and their tasks do not appeal to you. You'll find guides for both the assassination questline and the dungeon area here for a complete run of this Legacy Dungeon.
Previous: Raya Lucaria Academy
Next: Leyndell, Royal Capital
Recommended Levels: 80+
Bosses: Abductor Virgins , Godskin Noble , God-Devouring Serpent , Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy
Site of Grace: Abductor Virgin Map Link Audience Pathway Map Link Guest Hall Map Link Prison Town Church Map Link Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy Map Link Subterranean Inquisition Chamber Map Link Temple of Eiglay Map Link Volcano Manor Map Link
[ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Patches - Merchant if forgiven at Bossfight .
Knight Bernahl - Ash of War merchant wares available if completing assassination quests for the Volcano Manor
Diallos - After being talked to in north Liurnia of the Lakes [ Map Link ]
God-Devouring Serpent
Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy
Crimson Amber Medallion +1
2x Fireproof Dried Liver
1x Furlcalling Finger Remedy
1x Smithing Stone [4]
3x Smithing Stone [6]
1x Smithing Stone [7]
2x Somber Smithing Stone [5]
1x Somber Smithing Stone [6]
1x Somber Smithing Stone [7]
Inquisitor's Girandole (Abductor Virgins)
Ghiza's Wheel (Inquisitor Ghiza)
Furlcalling Finger Remedy (all assassination targets)
Rune Arc (all assassination targets)
Scaled Set (Old Knight Istvan)
Crepus's Vial (Rileigh the Idle)
Hoslow's Petal Whip (Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood)
Hoslow's Set (Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood)
Bloodhound Claws (Bloodhound Knight)
2x Great Omenkiller Cleaver (Lesser Omenkiller)
Dragon Heart (Magma Wyrm)
Godskin Stitcher (Godskin Noble)
Noble Presence (Godskin Noble)
Remembrance of the Blasphemous (Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy)
Rykard's Great Rune (Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy)
Aspects of the Crucible: Breath (Tanith's Knight)
Consort's Set (Tanith's Knight)
Albinauric Bloodclot (Albinauric)
Man-Serpent's Shield (Man-Serpent)
5x Serpent Arrow (Serpent Snail)
Ash of War: Royal Knight's Resolve
Depraved Perfumer Carmaan Ashes
Hoslow's Vow Gesture
Letter from Volcano Manor
Missionary's Cookbook (6)
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (21)
There are three ways to reach the Volcano Manor One way through Rya's questline Another through the Abductor Virgin at Raya Lucaria Academy Finally, by just walking there from the Grand Lift of Dectus or Ruin-Strewn  Precipice
One way through Rya's questline
Another through the Abductor Virgin at Raya Lucaria Academy
Finally, by just walking there from the Grand Lift of Dectus or Ruin-Strewn  Precipice
There are also two ways to reach the Volcano Manor's final boss One by completing assassination quests Another through completing the dungeon area
One by completing assassination quests
Another through completing the dungeon area
Dungeon Important Discoveries
Explore the ruined town
Lower the shortcut bridge
Defeat the Magma Wyrm
Defeat the Godskin Noble
Pick up Rya's Quest Item
Explore the temple areas
Face the God-Devouring Serpent / Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy
Collect the Serpent-Hunter
Volcano Manor can be reached in three different ways. One way to reach this location is by completing the first part of Rya's questline. You'll find her at Liurnia of the Lakes , east of the Scenic Isle Site of Grace [ Map Link ] where she'll ask you to retrieve a precious necklace. Complete her request and she'll give you a Volcano Manor Invitation, and clue you in on where to find her next. She'll next be found at the top of the Grand Lift of Dectus (if you've found both halves of the Dectus Medallion ) or at Lux Ruins (if you've not completed the medallion). If you speak to her, she'll teleport you right into the lobby next to Tanith .
Another way to reach this area is by getting teleported by an enemy. Do note that if you decide to take this route, you will have to fight a difficult boss, the Abductor Virgins , to move forward. If you spare Patches and talk to him at the Scenic Isle, he may mention an Abductor Virgin at Raya Lucaria Academy with teleporting abilities. Make your way over there and find the water wheel elevator, just west of the Schoolhouse Classroom site of grace. Take it to the bottom and get killed by the Abductor Virgin in this area. You must be killed by a specific attack where it traps you in its iron maiden-like body. Using a Sacrificial Twig or Twiggy Cracked Tear effect will prevent you from losing runes while still teleporting you. Doing this successfully takes you to a unique area within the Volcano Manor area. Hop across the lava flows and travel southeast, dropping down a few ledges along a lava waterfall until you reach a stonework structure. Go up the stairs to reach the Subterranean Inquisition Chamber Site of Grace [ Map Link ]. Be sure to activate this site prior to jumping off as there is no getting back up once you drop down to the fallen pillars in the lava.
Loot the bodies in this area for Smithing Stones [4] & [6] and jump from pillar to pillar until you reach a small cave in the south. It may look like a dead-end, but walk near the back of the cave where there's a crumbling section of ground and you'll fall through the floor into another cavern. The path here is quite linear. You'll want to head south from here, where you'll soon reach a fog door. Through this door are the Abductor Virgins , who drop the Inquisitor's Girandole upon defeat. Their defeat also makes the Abductor Virgin Site of Grace [ Map Link ] available and allows you to exit the cavern to emerge into Mt. Gelmir . From here, you can drop down to the Seethewater River Site of Grace, from which you can start exploring the rest of Altus Plateau.
To head to Volcano Manor, travel north from the Seethewater River Site of Grace, hitting the Seethewater Terminus Grace. Travel through the Fire Monk camp and around the pool of lava (ignoring the Magma Wyrm nearby), and then follow the path that circumvents clockwise around the mountain, taking you past the Hermit's Shack and to the Craftsman's Shack Site of Grace. Continue northeast through the Hermit Village, ignoring Demi-Human Queen Maggie and reaching the Primeval Sorcerer Azur Grace. Look northeast and walk over the narrow ledge, then drop down onto the plateau below. The door near you leads to the Gelmir Hero's Grave if you need a quick checkpoint. Then, head north until you see a Mad Pumpkin Head , go northeast across the narrow ledge behind it, fight past a Grafted Scion , and ascend the ladder up the mountainside. Take the next ladder you see on your left, fight through a camp of frenzied Soldiers (and Knight), descend north down a ramp, look west, and then cross the bridge to the Ninth Mt. Gelmir Campsite Site of Grace. Jump up the Spiritspring or climb the ladder, ignore the Full-Grown Fallingstar Beast at the top and leap off the narrow ledge extending from the western side of the arena. Continue descending down the ramp past the Marionette Soldiers, making a U-turn and dashing past the Troll guard to enter Volcano Manor.
Alternate route directly into Volcano Manor Hall: Right after you are captured by the Abductor Virgin, look to your right over the waterfall. The drop is non-lethal; it will take about 665 of your health (ignoring lava damage) instead. Go as far southeast along the cliff edge before jumping down into the lava below, then wade southeast down the lava (healing off any damage) until you reach a wooden platform with a cage lift. Ride this lift up, then look to your right to take a second lift up. Travel up the stairs, past the Blackflame Monk , but before you enter the church ahead (contains a boss fight with the Godskin Noble ), look to your left for another flight of stairs going down. Descend it, push the lever to raise a metal bridge, then cross it to reach the Prison Town Church Site of Grace to enable fast travel out of this area. You can travel up the hidden back passage from behind the altar and hit an illusory wall at the end of a dead end which leads into a room in the Volcano Manor, but you'll be behind a locked door that can only be opened with the Drawing-Room Key , received on the other side.
Go back onto the bridge, then carefully hop onto one of the studs on the left side. From that, hop onto the wheel that hoisted up the bridge, and finally make a running (but difficult) jump onto the opposite balcony. You'll pick up a Somber Smithing Stone (7) from the corpse. Run for the door you see, past the Iron Virgin, and from indoors, head down the stairs to a room with a corpse holding a Seedbed Curse . Cross the long large room to pick up an Ash of War: Royal Knight's Resolve , then head up the stairs to open a door that leads into the Volcano Manor main hall.
Starting from the Altus Plateau Site of Grace, travel south to the main road and follow it, taking the northeast branch from the junction. You'll reach the Forest-Spanning Greatbridge Site of Grace with a merchant and Finger Reader Crone. Nearby is a sending gate that sends you to the opposite side of the valley. Follow the main road north and then eastward, ignoring the windmills you see as you go downhill and under the broken great bridge. You should reach the Road of Iniquity Side Path Site of Grace and pass by a Caravan and the Writheblood Ruins . Cross a wooden bridge and hit up the Bridge of Iniquity Site of Grace, then go northeast into an are patrolled by Iron Virgins. The Corpse-Stench Shack at the end has an invasion from Anastasia, Tarnished-Eater that drops the Butchering Knife , and the shack itself holds the Golden Vow incantation.
Near the Corpse-Stench Shack, rather southeast of it, is a ladder which leads up the mountain. Ascend it and turn left to get to the First Mt. Gelmir Campsite Site of Grace. Dash through the camp full of frenzied soldiers, go past the Mad Pumpkin Head and go northwest along the narrow path. (This is where your route will merge with the other route highlighted in green in the diagram further above.)
Jump down to a ruined campsite, fight off a Grafted Scion and ascend the next ladder you see. Take the next ladder on your left which leads you to another merchant, then keep going up the mountain from his location. You'll reach a plateau with several frenzied Soldiers and a Knight. After you fight them off, look for a ramp that lets you descend to the plateau below. Look west for a bridge that leads you to the Ninth Mt. Gelmir Campsite Site of Grace. Take either the ladder or Spiritspring Jump to the Full-Grown Fallingstar Beast, go northwest and jump the gap going downhill, then keep descending downhill, making a U-turn and rushing past the Marionettes and Troll guard to reach Volcano Manor.
There are also two ways to reach to the final boss of this dungeon. One way is to complete various assassination quests for the Volcano Manor. Do note that this requires you to have access to Mountaintop of the Giants . Speak with Tanith , the lady sitting in a chair in the manor's lobby, and pledge your services to the Volcano Manor. She will give you the Drawing-Room Key which allows you to unlock several doors in the manor.
Before following her instructions and heading to the drawing-room, turn left and head up the stairs, where you'll find yourself in a grand dining hall. On your way to the far end of the hall, you'll get invaded by Inquisitor Ghiza . Defeat him for his weapon, Ghiza's Wheel , and collect the Smithing Stone [6] on the corpse where he spawned.
Back downstairs, you'll see a hallway in the western section with a bunch of locked doors, many of which can be unlocked using the Drawing-Room Key . The first door to your right has a corpse with a Perfume Bottle on it and the left is inaccessible for now. Further through the hallway, the next set of doors to your left open up to the drawing-room. You may recognize some familiar faces here as Rya and Knight Bernahl can be found in this room (though Bernahl doesn't open his shop until you've completed the first Volcano Manor assignment). If you've progressed through his quest enough, Diallos will also be found here. Interact with the item on the table to collect a Recusant Finger and the Letter from Volcano Manor .
This first letter instructs you to find and invade Old Knight Istvan at Limgrave and sets a red marker on your map to find the summon sign quickly. You can reach his summon sign by heading north from the Warmaster's Shack [ Map Link ]. Defeat him to collect several items including his armor set, the Scaled Set , and report back to Tanith to receive the Magma Shot Sorcery spell as a reward. You unlock the NPC quest for Patches , who can be found sitting by the wall at the Volcano Manor's entrance. He asks you to invade Great Horned Tragoth . Keep in mind that this NPC can be summoned to assist with several boss fights unless you assassinate him during Patches' quest. From here, head back to the drawing-room to pick up some interesting dialogue from Rya and speak to Bernahl to gain access to his store. The next Letter from Volcano Manor awaits you at the table as before.
This second letter instructs you to find and invade Rileigh the Idle at Altus Plateau and, like before, sets a red marker on your map. You can reach his summon sign by going up the elevator next to the Old Altus Tunnel Site of Grace [ Map Link ], then heading northeast. Defeat them to collect several items including a Talisman , Crepus's Vial , and report back to Tanith to receive the Serpentbone Blade as a reward. After this, you unlock NPC quests for Rya and Bernahl .
Go back to the drawing-room to pick up the Red Letter . This final letter instructs you to find and invade Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood at the Mountaintops of the Giants , and sets a red marker on your map. His summon sign can be found east of the Shack of the Lofty . Upon meeting him for the first time, you will get the "Hoslow's Oath" Gesture , and defeating him gives you access to several items including his weapon, Hoslow's Petal Whip , and his armor set, Hoslow's Set .
If you do not have access to Mountaintops of the Giants yet, keep reading to use the manor's illusory wall to proceed.
Report back to Tanith and she'll reward you with the Talisman Taker's Cameo and ask if you would see her Lord. Accepting her offer teleports you to a Site of Grace right outside the fog door to the God-Devouring Serpent / Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy boss fight. Exhausting Diallos' dialogue multiple times between doing each Volcano Manor quest makes him leave the manor and move to his next location. Make sure you accept and complete any Volcano Manor NPC quests still unattended to before defeating Rykard as they may disappear from the manor after you beat the boss (Rya may wait for you to complete her quest even after defeating the boss, however, this is uncertain).
From here, you can continue reading on to navigate your way through the Volcano Manor's actual dungeon area, but if you'd rather take up Tanith's offer to skip ahead to the boss click here .
There's another way to get to the final boss without having to kill your fellow Tarnished. It should be noted that defeating the boss this way, before completing the letter requests, locks you out of the Volcano Manor assassination quests, as well as parts of Rya , Bernahl , and Patches' quests. This method starts the same way as above; talk to Tanith and pledge your services to the Volcano Manor to get the Drawing-Room Key . Feel free to explore the manor the same way as above, going upstairs to defeat Inquisitor Ghiza , looting the corpses, and speaking to the NPCs, however, don't leave the manor just yet. When you enter the hallway from the lobby, enter the first door to the right, the same one with the corpse with a Perfume Bottle on it as mentioned above. If you attack/jump/walk/roll into the wall just behind that corpse, you'll reveal a secret passageway. (It's in the North-East corner of the first open room of the main hallway, behind the crooked painting.)
Follow the path through a room full of Serpent Snails and you'll end up with a room with two ways forward - one down a flight of steps, another through an open doorway to your left. Head left first, being wary of Serpent Snails that may ambush you and continue until you reach a dead end. The corpse at the end of this passageway has the Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (21) on it, and to the left of it, reveal another hidden door that opens up into a room with the Depraved Perfumer Carmaan Ashes .
Go back to the room where you saw that flight of stairs and descend them to fight a Lesser Bloodhound Knight that drops the Bloodhound Claws . Make sure you pick up the Fireproof Dried Liver here too, it may come in handy. Continue moving forward to get to a church with the Prison Town Church Site of Grace.
Exit the church and you'll emerge to see a village submerged in lava. To your left will be an incomplete bridge that you can't cross just yet, so instead turn right and scale the rooftops, following the enemies, until you can safely jump down to the west, onto the stone walkways of the village. Head up the stairs and you'll get to a fog door locked behind an imp statue. Use a Stonesword Key and fight your way up to collect the Crimson Amber Medallion +1 .
Head back out of the building and turn right to cross the bridge where there's a Man-Serpent at the end. The building behind it is inaccessible from the front door, but ther are two ways in. Circle around the left side of the building and jump over the railing to find remains with Albinauric Bloodcot x1 and an open door to the right. Head inside, defeat the Albinaurics in chairs, and loot the Beast Blood. Open the door back to the bridge and circle around to the right. There's a Man-Serpent guarding a Smithing Stone [4] and a ladder. From up the ladder you can jump into an open window and land back in the room, but instead we're going to get a few hidden items. From the top of the ladder to used to reach the roof, run straight to the opposite edge of the roof and look down. You'll see a narrow balcony with a door in it. Jump down and carefully enter the dark room, which has the Albinauric Mask and Albinauric Staff , along with a powerful Lesser Omenkiller . The Lesser Omenkiller should have its back turned to you, allowing for an easy sneak attack. The first time you kill it, it will drop a Great Omenkiller Cleaver . Once you're finished in this room, look to the right of the door you first came through to find a side room that leads to a ladder down. Take the ladder, looting a Golden Rune [10] , then continue forward to find yourself back at the entrance to the church. Enter it again and run to the south-eastern end of the church, opposite the bridge entrance, being careful of the fast moving crawling Albunauric on the stairway. Make your way down the stairs to the lower floor, then look behind them for a Golden Rune [9] guarded by four Crawling Albinaurics. Loot the Golden Rune [9], then head down the hallway. Beware the hanging Albinauric, who will summon a Crawling Albinauric, and the patrolling Man-Serpent. Make two rights and you'll find the Guest Hall Site of Grace.
After interacting with the Site of Grace, head back to the previous room and out the closed-door - it should open up to the sight of buildings almost fully engulfed by the lava. Turn right to find a ladder and descend onto the lowest level and closer to the lava. Head south and circle round to the corner of the building where you'll find a corpse with two Fireproof Dried Liver on it. Continue navigating the cooled lava east, picking up the Golden Rune (9) on the corpse laying on the well to your left. Directly across from the well is a slope behind the building that leads to a corpse on the roof containing Smithing Stone (6) . Return to the ground moving east past the well, and head up the stairs to reach an area with a Man-Serpent wielding a whip guarding two cage lifts -- see pictures below.
Defeat it and take the lift directly to the north up. Turn right to pick up a Somber Smithing Stone [5] from a corpse then turn back around to ascend the flight of stairs. Don't enter the temple just yet! Right before you do, turn left to find the incomplete bridge you saw across the way earlier. On this side, there's a lever you can turn to lift the bridge piece from out of the lava, making a shortcut to this area from the Prison Town Church.
Now that you've got this shortcut, you can start exploring for some more collectibles. Make your way back to the Prison Town Church. Scale up the roofs again to the right and instead of turning westward to drop down to where the imp statue is, turn eastward where you'll find a short wooden bridge. Continue following the enemies and the path down to the lower section of the town, collecting valuables such as Golden Runes on the way, and you'll eventually get to the Lesser Omenkiller . Defeat him to get his weapon, the Great Omenkiller Cleaver , and head to the building in the northeast to collect the Erdtree Seal .
Scale up the roofs again to drop onto a wooden platform on which a Facing back toward the gate, there is a small courtyard to the left guarded by two dogs that leads to a broken staircase along the outer wall. Get a running start & jump across the broken segment to reach a corpse with a Stonesword Key (trying to drop down from the roof above the item is a fatal fall). After collecting the key, drop down & follow the path around the wall until you get to the place where a bunch of gravestones sit in cooled lava and loot the corpses in this area to collect items such as a Golden Rune [9], Smithing Stone [6] and the Smoldering Shield . Be careful of the living jars as several of the small jars will explode upon death causing heavy damage.
Teleport back to the Prison Town Church Site of Grace and cross the shortcut bridge. Head back down the stairs and the cage lift you took previously. Turn left and into the other cage lift in the area. This one takes you back down to lava-level and if you walk forward, a Magma Wyrm will pop out of the lava, which when defeated, will drop a Dragon Heart . In the far end of the cave, you'll be able to spot a corpse with a Smithing Stone [7] on it.
Head back off that small island, and enter the small opening in the wall to the west. Continue forward towards the building ruins, following the Burning Slugs along the way, and you'll find yourself back at the stairs that take you to the cage lifts. Take the northern cage lift back up to the temple and now we can head in.
When you get about halfway through the temple, the Godskin Noble spawns. Ranged and magic users will find simply keeping your distance and hitting him from afar to be effective for the first half of the fight, even more so with Spirit Ashes to be able to tank for you. Many of his attacks during this phase, including a backhand slap and rapier attacks, are melee-ranged. He has an attack where he spawns black fire in a circle around him - melee users should dodge away and wait for him to leave the circle of fire before engaging him again.
After reaching about 50% health, the Godskin Noble rises and explodes in a small area around him. He now has attacks that have wide Ao Es and an unpredictable roll attack. His skills are still widely telegraphed, so time your dodges well. Defeat him and you'll be rewarded with his weapon, the Godskin Stitcher , and the Noble Presence Incantation .
The Godskin Noble's defeat opens up the Temple of Eiglay Site of Grace. On the altar where he spawned, you can pick up the Serpent's Amnion . This is Rya's quest item so you can head back to her now and teleport back here whenever you're ready. South of the Site of Grace, is a lift which you should take. Before heading out to the balcony, you can head right and follow the path to grab a Golden Rune [9] from a corpse.
Head back and go to the balcony. If you look down, you'll be able to see a mountain ledge you can safely jump down to. Follow the Burning Slugs northeast until you get to a corpse sitting on the mountain's edge that has a Furlcalling Finger Remedy . Turn left and you'll see another ledge you can safely jump down to. Follow the path until you see a Abductor Virgin in front of a building with an open window. Fight it or run through the window. At the southern side of the room, you'll find a ladder you can descend. There will be a Drawstring Fire Grease on the corpse here. Follow the stairs down and you'll find the Missionary's Cookbook (6) . Backtrack back up the stairs and the ladder. There's a door on the west side of this room that opens up to a bridge.
Jump into the left side to get Crimson Tear Scarab. Jump once more and move counter-clockwise to come back where you were before. Go back to the bridge and head up the stairs but before going into the building, turn right and jump off the stairs, where you'll find a Teardrop Scarab that drops a Somber Smithing Stone [5] . If you have been doing doing Rya 's quest, look west and you can find a room where she can be found, you can make your decision on whether or not to kill or spare her here, visit her page to read up on her quest line. Back out of the room, hug the wall and follow the cooled lava further to the north (be careful of enemies along the way), you will then encounter a room rife with Basilisks , five to be exact, kill them quickly, and do not stay in one spot as you can be caught in their breaths and be turned to stone. If needed, kill one or two, run out of the room and back south, wait until your petrification buildup goes away, then return and repeat the process until they're all gone. Grab a Somber Smithing Stone [6] and head back south to the entrance to the room where you found Rya. In front of Rya's room, look southeast and you will find an open window next to the lava waterfall, go through it and grab a Stonesword Key . Head through Rya's room to find a ladder that takes you back up to where you're supposed to go. Head right first to activate the elevator to make a shortcut to Temple of Eiglay site of grace.
You'll come across a Man-Serpent with a fiery whip. Before fighting it, don't forget to get a Commoner's Headband lying on one of protruding stones on your right. Head through the door behind him and then through another set of closed doors on your right. On the altar protected by some enemies is the Man-Serpent Ashes . Head up the first set of stairs and before going up the second set, turn around to go up the flight of stairs behind you.
Through the doorway found on this floor is an imp statue that has to be unlocked with two Stonesword Keys . You'll find cages here you can jump down to, but before doing that, turn right and drop down to the platform below. Follow the path, head up the stairs, and in the next room, you'll find the Dagger Talisman . You will see some cages which you can jump atop, do so and drop further down onto the wooden platform, kill the enemy here, and look down to the northeast to find more cages to drop onto. After dropping down a few cages, you'll be on stable grounds again, look southwest for a room full weak enemies and a Seedbed Curse on a corpse, be careful as they can overwhelm you. After grabbing the item, turn left to ascend a flight of stairs and after defeating the Abductor Virgin here, you can collect a Somber Smithing Stone [7] off of a corpse draped over the broken part of the banister. Head back into the building and continue north-east where you'll a corpse with the Ash of War: Royal Knight's Resolve .
If you continue on this path, you'll eventually make it back to the entrance of the Volcano Manor, unlocking the door in front of Patches. Teleport back to the Temple of Eiglay Site of Grace and retrace your steps back to the room with the Man-Serpent Ashes. Climb up both flights of stairs and you'll find a waygate. This takes you to the Site of Grace right outside the fog door to the God-Devouring Serpent / Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy boss fight, the same place Tanith teleports you to if you complete all three assassination requests. Rest at the Site of Grace and when you're ready, head through the fog door.
If you've been following the walkthrough, and for completion, it's recommended you finish the Royal Capital to get access to the Mountaintops of the Giants to get to the final assassination, the Red Letter , before facing Rykard. The NPCs of Volcano Manor will be forever changed after killing the following boss, so be sure to check their quest lines before doing so.
Immediately when you enter the boss arena, pick up and equip the Serpent-Hunter on your left. If you read it's description, it says that it reveals its true power when used against giant serpents. Well, what do you know, Rykard's boss fight starts with the God-Devouring Serpent . When using the spear against the boss, the weapon shoots out powerful gusts of wind that increase its range massively. That being said, the weapon doesn't completely trivialize this first phase. The God-Devouring Serpent has many quick attacks with long-range, but its most dangerous ones are heavily telegraphed, so keep an eye out for them and time your dodges well. Don't get greedy and start spamming attacks with the Serpent-Hunter, you may get animation locked. Instead time your attacks between his, and eventually you'll stagger him and be able to get some free hits in.
After the God-Devouring Serpent's health reaches 0, a cutscene plays and Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy reveals himself to the player. Do note that you will have to repeat the fight with the God-Devouring Serpent if you die at any point during this second phase. The Serpent-Hunter retains its special abilities during this second phase, so keep it equipped. Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy loses the quick attacks of his first phase but instead has access to deadly moves that have massive areas of effect. The same strategy applies here, time your attacks in between his (should be easier here as he has slower attacks) and wail on him whenever he gets staggered. At 50% health, the fight gets a bit more hectic as he spawns homing skulls to attack you. It may take a couple of tries before you get dodge timing right, but as soon as you get the hang of his attacks (and maybe with a bit of help from some Mimic Tear cheese and upgrading the Serpent-Hunter), the fight becomes easier.
Upon Rykard's defeat, you will receive the Remembrance of the Blasphemous and Rykard's Great Rune . The Eye Surcoat can also be picked up from the right side of the arena and the Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy Site of Grace will be accessible.
After defeating Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy , you can return to the main chambers of Volcano Manor and speak to the NPCs. They harbor no ill-will against you but will talk about the dissolution of the Volcano Manor. After a time-skip or reloading the area, the NPCs will leave the area, with Bernahl leaving a sword at his seat that you can continue buying his wares off of.
At this point, if you teleport back to Rykard's boss arena, you'll find Tanith feasting upon his remains. You can choose to attack her, and if you do so her knight, Tanith's Knight, will invade you. Upon his defeat, he will drop the Aspect of the Crucible: Breath Incantation , and Tanith's clothing set consisting of the Consort's Mask , Consort's Robe , and Consort's Trousers . Doing this too early prevents you from completing Patches' quest however. With this, the Volcano Manor Legacy Dungeon is complete.
The fastest way to reach Volcano Manor is by either doing Rya 's questline or following Patches instructions and getting kidnaped by Abductor Virgin underneath Raya Lucaria Academy water wheel lift, beating the Abductor Virgins boss and heading north through a narrow opening at the Seethewater River site of grace.
This speed run walkthrough will assume you're systematically completing the areas in The Lands Between and that at this point you don't have access to the Mountaintop of the Giants yet. With this assumption, we will be skipping the Volcano Manor assassination quests and heading straight for Rykard through the secret passageway. Keep in mind that defeating Rykard locks you out of these quests, as well as the NPC quests of the Volcano Manor inhabitants.
Speak to Tanith and join the Volcano Manor for her to give you the Drawing-Room Key. With the key in hand, head through the hallway in the west, and open the first door to your right. Attack the wall behind the corpse to reveal a secret passageway and head through it until you reach a room with two ways forward. If you fancy yourself the Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (21) and the Depraved Perfumer Carmaan Ashes , head through the doorway on the left and make sure to reveal the hidden doorway left of the corpse at the dead end. Otherwise, head down the flight of stairs and past the Bloodhound Knight to get to the Prison Town Church Site of Grace.
Upon leaving the church, turn right and scale the rooftops, following the enemies until you can safely drop down to a flight of stone stairs facing west. At the imp statue, turn left and when you get to the Man-Serpent guarding the door, circle round the left of the building to get inside. Head downstairs, where you'll find the Guest Hall Site of Grace in one of the rooms.
From this room go back, to one room and head out through the closed door. To your right is a ladder going down, after which you should head east to ascend a flight of stairs. Ignore the Man-Serpent and get straight into the cage lift immediately in front of you to take you up to the next floor. Continue forward ascending another flight of steps and before you enter the temple, turn around to your left to make a shortcut back here.
Enter the temple to fight the Godskin Noble and acquire the Godskin Stitcher and Noble Presence incantation. After interacting with the Site of Grace, turn right and take the elevator up. Right ahead is a balcony. Jump over the banister down to the cliffs and follow the Burning Slug path. When you get to a corpse sitting by the cliff's edge, turn left and jump to the ledge below, once again following the path until you find a building with an open window.
In this room, there is a ladder you can go down to reach the Missionary's Cookbook (6) in a jail cell. When you've got that, return up the ladder. Head through the door to the west, cross the bridge, go up the stairs and when you're in the building, turn right, going forward until you get to a Man-Serpent with a fiery whip. Head through the door behind him then take the next door to your right. On the altar is the Man-Serpent Ashes . Run past the enemies, heading up both flights of stairs, and you'll find a waygate on a balcony.
Take the waygate and you'll be teleported to the Site of Grace right outside the fog door to the God-Devouring Serpent / Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy boss fight. When you enter the fog door, immediately take and equip the Serpent-Hunter to your left. This spear has special properties during this boss fight that makes its range longer. After the first phase, the God-Devouring Serpent is defeated, you'll fight Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy straight after. Defeat the boss and you'll be rewarded with the Remembrance of the Blasphemous , Rykard's Great Rune , and the Eye Surcoat . Grab the Site of Grace that spawns here too
If you'd like extra quick loot, you can head back to the NPCs and speak to them. They'll disappear from the location after reloading the area. Head upstairs to fight Inquisitor Ghiza and acquire Ghiza's Wheel , as well as a Smithing Stone [6] on a corpse nearby. Teleport back to the Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy Site of Grace. Attack Tanith here and fight her knight to earn her clothing set, Consort's Set , and the Aspect of the Crucible: Breath incantation
A couple of illusory doors have been discovered in Volcano Manor that require multiple (roughly 50) hits to open. It is assumed that these are the result of developer oversight, as they have 9999 health (this is the same for all illusory doors; they are usually killed by the game once interacted with) and do not play any of the audio/visual cues. These doors additionally all lead to previously accessible areas. These have been patched out as of v1.04.
Volcano Manor is a legacy dungeon located on Mt. Gelmir .
The Volcano Manor is home to the recusants of Praetor Rykard , fierce warriors who wage war against the Erdtree and the Roundtable . The recusants are led by Rykard's consort, Lady Tanith . Powerful Tarnished are extended invitations to join the Volcano Manor and are given contracts to hunt other Tarnished in service of the Roundtable. Tarnished who prove themselves are offered an audience with Praetor Rykard himself, which will inevitably end with the serpentine demigod devouring them, making them forever a part of his "family".
The Volcano Manor is besieged by the forces of the Royal Capital .
The Volcano Manor is one of the game's most complex locations. It can be reached in multiple ways and you can progress through from different directions.
The fastest, but most gimmicky way to reach it is by letting the Abductor Virgin at the bottom of the Raya Lucaria Academy grapple you to death. You will still drop your runes, but be respawned right within the Volcano Manor area. From here there are two paths that are each a point of no return. One leading to the rest of the manor, the other brings you to the Abductor Virgin duo bossfight and back to the Altus Plateau . For the Abductor Virgin boss, search for the cave with multiple drop-down platforms. To progress deeper into the manor, jump down the lava waterfall. If you die here before reaching a grace, you will be respawned where the Abductor Virgin dropped you within Volcano Manor. From here you can explore the area, defeat the Godskin Noble and either make it back to the manor entrance with Lady Tanith and the other npcs, or skip their quests and head straight to the gateway portal leading to Praetor Rykard .
The regular paths to enter the manor are either on foot/horseback across Mt. Gelmir , or to be teleported right to the Volcano Manor entrance grace by Rya once reaching the Altus Plateau . You won't be able to reach the bosses or explore the rest of the area from here unless you accept Lady Tanith's offer to get the Drawing-Room Key . If you join the manor, a list of NPCs become available there: Bernahl , Patches , Rya , Diallos Hoslow . To get all the content out of the manor, you have to wait with fighting Rykard until reaching the Mountaintops of the Giants , so that you can do all of the following NPC invasions for the manor: Old Knight Istvan , Rileigh the Idle, Great Horned Tragoth , Vargram the Raging Wolf + Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm, Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood . After defeating Juno Hoslow, Tanith offers to send you to Rykard, where you can then start the boss fight. Remember to complete Rya 's quest before defeating Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood , otherwise you'll be locked out of Tanith 's dialogue regarding Rya.

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Godfrey First Elden Lord
Alas, I am returned. To be granted audience once more. Upon my name as Godfrey, The first Elden Lord!
- Godfrey, First Elden Lord
Godfrey, First Elden Lord , or Hoarah Loux, Warrior , is a mandatory boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . The first encounter is in Leyndell, Royal Capital and the second is in Leyndell, Ashen Capital .
1 Overview 1.1 Age of the Erdtree 1.2 The Long March 1.3 Return to the Lands Between
1.1 Age of the Erdtree
1.3 Return to the Lands Between
Godfrey is regarded as the first Elden Lord of the Golden Order , [ 1 ] and the former consort of Queen Marika the Eternal . [ 2 ] Godfrey was once a ferocious warrior, but when he vowed to become a lord he took upon his back the lion Serosh , the Lord of Beasts, [ 3 ] to suppress his ceaseless lust for battle. [ 4 ]
On Marika's orders, Godfrey led the War Against the Giants , [ 5 ] putting the Giants to the sword and confining their flame upon the Mountaintops of the Giants . [ 6 ] This war marked the birth of the Erdtree , [ 7 ] an epoch which would be ruled over by Queen Marika and her Elden Lord.
Godfrey and his offspring with Queen Marika became the first Demigods , regarded as the Golden Lineage. [ 8 ] Serosh's image became an emblem of the Golden Lineage, [ 9 ] acting as a counselor and guide for them. [ 10 ] Notable members of the Golden Lineage include Godwyn the Golden ; [ 11 ] the Omen twins Morgott and Mohg ; [ 12 ] and the feeble Godrick , the last of the Golden Lineage. [ 13 ]
Before it came to be an embodiment of Order, everything was in opposition to the Erdtree. [ 14 ] This age began amidst conflict, and Godfrey was regarded as the Lord of the Battlefield. [ 15 ] [ 5 ] He wielded a great double-headed axe in battle, a weapon which symbolised the warrior's vow to conduct himself as a lord and which would later become a symbol of the Golden Lineage. [ 16 ] Axe ornamentation would also become symbolic of the knight Ordovis , who commanded the Crucible Knights under Godfrey's command. [ 17 ]
As the Lord of the Battlefield, Godfrey fought in many battles. During the siege of Castle Morne , Godfrey bested a lone hero who fought for vengeance. [ 18 ] On top of leading the war against the Giants, he faced the Storm Lord alone. However, when his last enemy fell, it is said that the hue of Godfrey's eyes faded. [ 5 ] At the end of his campaign, although his golden armies were unvanquished and unbowed, he found his Grace lost, tattered and faded. He and his warriors were addressed by Queen Marika, who informed them that she had divested them of their Grace. She commanded them to leave the Lands Between, to wage war in a land afar, where they would live and die. [ 19 ] Thus, Godfrey and his kinfolk became the first Tarnished , [ 20 ] and left the Lands Between together on a pilgrimage known as the Long March, at the end of which Godfrey divested himself of kingship and became a simple warrior once more. [ 21 ]
Godfrey became a chieftain of the Badlands , under the name of Hoarah Loux. [ 22 ] Although the head of his axe had been broken in a battle fought during the Long March, [ 16 ] his loyal warriors honored him by wielding axes of their own, [ 23 ] and they became the weapon of choice for Badlands chieftains. [ 24 ]
At some point, Hoarah Loux died. However, when the Elden Ring was shattered following the death of Godwyn the Golden, another member of the Golden Lineage, [ 25 ] the Tarnished who had died outside the Lands Between were returned to life by the call of their long-lost Grace. [ 26 ] This fulfilled a promise Marika had made before Godfrey and his men had departed the Lands Between: that after their deaths they would regain what she had claimed from them, before returning to the Lands Between to wage war and brandish the Elden Ring. [ 27 ] The Tarnished, who had grown strong in the face of death, crossed the fog and returned to the Lands Between, to stand before the Elden Ring and become Elden Lord. [ 28 ]
Godfrey was among those who made their way back to the Lands Between. After the Tarnished has claimed the Great Runes , burned the Erdtree, and unbound the Rune of Death , [ 29 ] they return to the city of Leyndell and approach the Erdtree. At the Elden Throne they find Godfrey, Serosh at his back, mourning the death of Morgott, whom the Tarnished had previously slain. [ 30 ] Godfrey rises to his feet and addresses the Tarnished. He acknowledges their effort, however he declares his intention to be once again granted audience. [ 31 ] The two Tarnished do battle, and Godfrey finds himself overpowered. The former Elden Lord grabs the head of Serosh, thanks him for his service, and then tears him from his back. Drenched in the blood of his loyal regent, Godfrey resumes the fight, now as Hoarah Loux. [ 32 ] Nevertheless, the Tarnished defeats Godfrey, who declares that their strength befits a crown. [ 33 ] With Godfrey dead, the Tarnished finally gains entry to the Erdtree, to seek audience with Queen Marika.
This is a boss fight against a golden, spectral version of Godfrey. He is fought within the Erdtree Sanctuary, accessed by climbing up a large root south of the West Capital Rampart Site of Grace. This battle is not optional as he must be defeated to progress Leyndell further and continue the story. Compared to the later encounter, this version of Godfrey has a greatly reduced moveset, mainly consisting of close-range axe swings. He can create areas of effect by stomping or smashing his axe into the ground, and he may also throw his axe at the player from a distance.
Nepheli Loux, Warrior and Shabriri are both available as summons for this fight, provided their questlines have been completed. Like the first battle, this fight is not optional and must be defeated to reach the final bosses of the game.
Godfrey will usually initiate the fight by throwing his axe at the player and then dashing after it.
Godfrey has a stomp attack similar to that of the Crucible Knights, causing spikes to come out of the ground that a

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Morgott the Omen King
Morgott, The Omen King , also known as Morgott the Grace Given , is a Demigod Boss in Elden Ring . Morgott is the true identity of Margit, the Fell Omen, and the self-proclaimed "Last of All Kings". Although he and his twin brother Mohg were imprisoned deep in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds for being born as Omen royalty, Morgott still loved the Golden Order and defended the capital when his fellow demigods invaded during the Shattering. This is not an optional boss as players must defeat him to advance in Elden Ring.
See Morgott, the Omen King Lore
Have it writ upon thy meagre grave:
"Felled by King Morgott! Last of all kings."
This is not an optional boss and must be defeated to unlock Mountaintops of the Giants and advance the story.
Closest Site of Grace: Queen's Bedchamber
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
NPC Summons Melina : At the top of the stairs on the right, in front of the fog gate. She wields the Blade of Calling and uses Erdtree Incantations . Dung Eater . If he's released from his cell during his questline.
Melina : At the top of the stairs on the right, in front of the fog gate. She wields the Blade of Calling and uses Erdtree Incantations .
Dung Eater . If he's released from his cell during his questline.
Head east from Godfrey, First Elden Lord 's arena towards the balcony, where the player will find a branch that takes them up to the second level of the room. From there, the player can continue across the bridge towards the Queen's Bedchamber Site of Grace. Continue south up the stairs to the fog gate where Morgott, The Omen King can be found. [ Map Link ]
Parryable : Yes, but 3 parries are required per stance break
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken or parried
Damage: Slash , Pierce , Holy (Phase 1), Slash , Pierce , Fire , Holy (Phase 2)
Inflicts: Hemorrhage
Drops 120,000, Remembrance of the Omen King , Morgott's Great Rune , Talisman Pouch (NG only and only if Margit, the Fell Omen has not yet been defeated)
Margit's Shackle can be used to stun Morgott twice during the first phase and using it while he's under the phase 2 threshold will begin the transition animation if he's still in Phase 1
Morgott has a scripted Holy Swords Rain attack at the 80% HP threshold, after that attack he unlocks new abilities such as Spear Charge, Sword Hammer Spin, and the Holy Swords Rain
Morgott normally goes into Phase 2 after getting damaged under 60% HP with the hard cap being 55% HP while staggered
In second phase, Morgott unlocks a few abilities such as Geysers after any attack that hits the floor, Bloodflame Grab, Bloodflame Slam, Bloodflame Chase and a Rapid Weapon Change attack that's only available when he's below 30% HP
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 337 / 435 / 725 / 1182
Scarlet Rot : 337 / 435 / 725 / 1182
Hemorrhage : 337 / 435 / 725 / 1182
Frostbite : 337 / 435 / 725 / 1182
Sleep : 552 / 842 / 1299
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
The Best Tips for Morgott, The Omen King:
For Melee users, stand a bit in front of his left leg from the outside, dodging behind it offers the best versatility in terms of  safety, damage and punishes
When Morgott spawns his Holy Hammer and goes for an Overhead Slam, put some distance between you both and roll into him, that usually forces Morgott to finish the combo with his Sword Slash, Triple Sword Holy Sword Spin into Swords Slam (Helicopter) and gives a huge punish window for tons of damage
Dodging behind Morgott when he does a Sword attack usually ends up with him doing a slash behind him and jumping away from the player
In Second Phase, weather changes to rain and arena gets covered with water making Lightning damage much better than Fire overall
Suggested weapons: Considering the fact Morgott is weakest to Slash Damage, Curved Swords (Such as Shamshir and Mantis Blade ) and Curved Greatswords ( Bloodhound's Fang ) would be great choices for Dexterity builds For Strength Builds Fist Weapons , Greatswords , Hammers and Great Hammers Excel in this fight with Morgott's low poise
Considering the fact Morgott is weakest to Slash Damage, Curved Swords (Such as Shamshir and Mantis Blade ) and Curved Greatswords ( Bloodhound's Fang ) would be great choices for Dexterity builds
For Strength Builds Fist Weapons , Greatswords , Hammers and Great Hammers Excel in this fight with Morgott's low poise
Suggested spells: Catch Flame , Frenzied Burst , Lightning Spear ( Incantations ) Carian Slicer , Night Comet , Glinstone Icecrag ( Sorceries )
Catch Flame , Frenzied Burst , Lightning Spear ( Incantations )
Carian Slicer , Night Comet , Glinstone Icecrag ( Sorceries )
At first, Morgott seems overwhelming and with no openings but knowing which attacks to punish depending on the size of the weapon and which to bait or dodge allows for optimal aggression against the boss. Don't be scared to maintain aggression during the fight as his attacks have a delay in between that allow for punishes; the most notably punishable attacks being: After a riposte. After Morgott hops away from the player. On big recovery attacks such as the Hammer Swings, Hammer Slams if you roll behind him, The Bloodflame infused attacks in Phase 2 (All can be punished with a light attack or a charged safely depending on the weapon's speed). On Combo Finishers such as the Helicopter. Additionally Morgott also has very low poise so you can abuse the fact by casting Ash Of War: Glintblade Phalanx twice to keep staggering him and getting free damage with critical hits. An Alternative playstyle would be maintaining distance and baiting out big attacks such as the Spear Throw which can be followed up by a huge leap with Morgott stabbing the ground with his sword and a holy spear, this attack allows for 2 charged attacks safely. Parrying is also a good option against Morgott that can synergize very nicely with dagger talisman for critical attacks. Elemental Damage: Morgott has no Fire or Lightning damage negation. With a Strength build, you can substantially increase your damage against him by imbuing your weapon with a Fire-type Ash of War and using the Flame-Shrouding Cracked Tear . You can do the same with a Dexterity build by pairing a Lightning-type Ash of War with Lightning-Shrouding Cracked Tear .
Status Ailments: Morgott's resistances are relatively low, and if you can sneak in multiple hits between his attacks with power-stanced small weapons like Daggers or Curved Swords , you can inflict multiple status ailments very quickly. Look for Morgott's Holy Spear throw attack, and run towards his left side (your right) when he's winding it up. You won't even need to dodge, and this will give you a solid chunk chunk of unimpeded attack time. When he starts casting Holy Swords Rain, you can get up to 3 light attacks with a fast weapon before having to roll away to safety. Similarly, keep attacking him through his phase change: although he has much higher damage negation, he still builds up status effects. Roll towards him just as he starts to stand up straight to avoid being caught by his Holy blast and to buy yourself a few more seconds of attacking. Because Morgott is vulnerable to all status ailments but his resistances increase after each proc, triggering as many as possible is a good plan. For example, power-stancing a Frost Great Knife and a Scorpion's Stinger will build Frostbite , Hemorrhage , and Scarlet Rot simultaneously.
Maintaining good distance between you and Morgott is the key, he doesn't have many options when it comes to ranged attacks (Holy Daggers, Holy Spear and Holy Spear Charge or will try to walk towards you after he gets hit by a sorcery or an incantation) You can use super long ranged incantations such as Frenzied Burst and maintain a huge distance almost completely nullifying his moveset or spells that he can't react to like Night Comet (sorceries) or a non charged Lighting Spear (incantations). Drink Flasks during long wind up animations or when you're really far from the boss.
Voice Actor: Anthony Howell
Morgott is the one of the few bosses that survive the boss battle upon defeat. After winning the battle, the player can approach Morgott (he will be either at the place of defeat or behind the Elden Throne). After a short monologue about the inevitable failure of the Tarnished, he dies, with his body fading into gold dust during Godfrey’s introduction, likely symbolizing that he has returned to the Erdtree.
Morgott is the twin brother of Mohg, Lord of Blood . Morgott does not mention Mohg as a traitor, likely due to the fact that they were both imprisoned underground, and thus Mohg lacks a seat at the Elden Throne. Unlike Mohg, he looks comparably more human than his brother, which may indicate that he despised his true nature and wish to leave it behind.
Morgott is one of the three sons of Godfrey and Marika , but was shunned, shackled and imprisoned deep below the capital for his Omen nature. Some time during the Shattering, he broke free, became the Lord of Leyndell and created the his second identity of Margit , so he could aid the Leyndell forces in the field without revealing his Omen nature to his subjects. He founded the Night's Cavalry to hunt down champions that grew too ambitious and threatened the Erdtree.
The Holy Weapons he summons are the Erdsteel Dagger , Treespear , Giant-Crusher , and the Carian Knight's Sword .
If parried successfully, the Cursed-Blood Slice will not deal any damage to the player, however, Morgott’s attack animation will not be interrupted and it will not count towards the three parries that are needed to riposte him.
In Phase 2, the arena becomes covered in shallow water, giving both the player and Morgott +20 Fire absorption and -20 Lightning absorption.
If the player manage to trigger change while Morgott is in air, there is some chance that phase transition will be skipped Morgott will still get all 2nd phase attacks. Ground retains its old look, along with no extra dialogue or added defense.
Morgott will still get all 2nd phase attacks.
Ground retains its old look, along with no extra dialogue or added defense.
To summon someone for this boss who has already defeated Maliketh, the Black Blade and therefore triggered Leyndell, Ashen Capital , the summoned player must use their Small Golden Effigy and they must have interacted with the Summoning Pool near the fog before the capital was made ashen.
Known as Morgott, Prince of the Omen in the 1.00 version of the game
Bug: Sometimes, phase transition does not change how the battle arena looks.
Graceless Tarnished.
What is thy business with these thrones?
Ahh... Godrick the Golden.
The twin prodigies, Miquella and Malenia.
Lunar Princess Ranni.
Wilful traitors, all.
Thy kind are all of a piece. Pillagers. Emboldened by the flame of ambition.
Felled by King Morgott! Last of all kings.
§ Phase 2 transition:
The thrones... stained by my curse... Such shame I cannot bear.
Thy part in this shall not be forgiven.
Put these foolish ambitions to rest.
May the curse seep to thy very soul.
An apt reward for thy brash ambition (1.00 version)
Upon talking to Morgott once:
Tarnished, thou'rt but a fool.
The Erdtree wards off all who deign approach.
We are... we are all forsaken.
None may claim the title of Elden Lord.
Upon talking to Morgott twice:
Thy deeds shall be met with failure, just as I.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Morgott. Its blessing greatly raises maximum HP.
This Great Rune is the anchor ring that houses the base, and proves two things:
That the Omen King was born of the golden lineage, and that he was indeed the Lord of Leyndell .
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Mohg. Its blessing grants a blessing of blood to summoned phantoms, and imparts a Phantom Great Rune upon successful invasion.
Mohg and Morgott are twin brothers, and their Great Runes are naturally similar.
But Mohg's rune is soaked in accursed blood, from his devout love for the wretched mire that he was born into far below the earth .
Remembrance of Morgott, the Omen King, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Though born one of the graceless Omen, Morgott took it upon himself to become the Erdtree's protector. He loved not in return, for he was never loved, but nevertheless, love it he did .
A fetish bathed in golden magic. Shackles were used to bind the accursed people called the Omen, and these ones were made to keep a particular Omen under strictest confinement. Though faint, the shackles still retain vestiges of power — enough to trap the once-bound Margit on earth, if only for a short time.
Doll of a curseborn bairn from the Erdtree's royal line.
Uses FP to unleash many wraiths that chase down foes.
Omen babies born of royalty do not have their horns excised, but instead are kept underground, unbeknownst to anyone, imprisoned for eternity.
These memorial fetishes are fashioned in secret .
Warped blade of shifting hue used by Morgott, the Omen King.
The accused blood that Morgott recanted and sealed away reformed into this blade .
"A cloak of ragged fur worn about the exposed body of Margit, the Fell Omen.
Having slaughtered countless champions during the Shattering, the Fell Omen has become a horror to those who harbor ambitions for the Erdtree, or for Lordship."
Pitch-black helm with flowing black hair. Worn by the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
The Night's Cavalry, who now wander the dim roads at night, were once led by the Fell Omen and were deliverers of death for great warriors, knights, and champions .
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Oleg, the Banished Knight.
One of the two knights known as the Wings of the Storm.
After his banishment, he attracted the notice of the Grace-Given Lord and later, having slain a hundred traitors as the Lord's hand, Oleg earned the hero's honor of Erdtree Burial.
Foul Tarnished, in search of the Elden Ring. Emboldened by the flame of ambition. Hrah! Someone must extinguish thy flame. Let it be Margit the Fell!
Well, thou art of passing skill. Warrior blood must truly run in thy veins, Tarnished.
I shall remember thee, Tarnished. Smouldering with thy meagre flame. Cower in fear of the night. The hands of the Fell Omen shall brook thee no quarter.
I see thee, little Tarnished. Smouldering with thy wretched flame of ambition.
Morgott the Grace-Given is Lord of Leyndell, the capital city. It lies at the foot of the Erdtree, in the east of the Altus Plateau. But the Two Fingers forbid us from venturing there. Until we've acquired enough Great Runes to repair the Elden Ring. Set your sights elsewhere for the time being. The Veiled Monarch can wait.
Well. I see you've found another Great Rune. Wonderful. You are a worthy fellow Tarnished, indeed. Make the journey. To the capital Leyndell, that lies to the east of the Altus Plateau, at the foot of the Erdtree. The Two Fingers will deny your passage no longer. You may be our best hope. Find your way to the Elden Ring. For we are Tarnished. And we must answer the call of grace.
Godfrey, First Elden Lord (father) Mohg, Lord of Blood (twin brother) Godwyn the Golden (brother) Miquella of the Haligtree (half-brother) Malenia, Blade of Miquella (half-sister) Messmer the Impaler (half-brother) Melina (half-sister) General Radahn (step-brother) Praetor Rykard (step-brother) Lunar Princess Ranni (step-sister) Godrick the Grafted (distant relation)
Wilful traitors, all. Thy kind are all of a piece. Pillagers. Emboldened by the flame of ambition. Have it writ upon thy meagre grave: Felled by King Morgott! Last of all kings.
- Morgott, the Omen King
Morgott, the Omen King, is a boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . He is a Demigod and a Shardbearer who is encountered in Leyndell, Royal Capital . He is not an optional boss and must be defeated to unlock Mountaintops of the Giants and progress the story.
1 Overview 1.1 Early Life 1.2 The Shattering
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Moveset 2.2 Phase 1 2.3 Phase 2 2.4 Environment
Morgott was born of the Golden Lineage, [ 1 ] the offspring of the first Elden Lord, Godfrey and Queen Marika , and was the twin brother of Mohg . [ 2 ] The twins were both born as accursed Omen , [ 3 ] and as a result were confined to the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds below the capital . [ 4 ] Because they were born of royalty, their horns were not excised. [ 5 ] Unlike his brother, Morgott would renounce his accursed blood and seal it away within a warped blade of shimmering hue , [ 6 ] which was in turn concealed within a wooden staff he carried.
When Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring , Morgott claimed one of the Great Runes , which proved that he was indeed the Lord of Leyndell. With Leyndell in disarray, Morgott claimed the city for himself and defended it and the Erdtree against his fellow demigods. While he succeeded in securing Leyndell against outsiders, he found that the Erdtree would not admit him, or anyone else, to claim the title of Elden Lord. Despite the fact that he had been reviled as an accursed fiend by the Golden Order , Morgott took it upon himself to become the Erdtree's protector.
He assumed the name Margit the Fell Omen during the Shattering , slaughtering champions who approached the Erdtree in the hopes of becoming Elden Lord. [ 7 ] Under this pseudonym, he also lead the Night's Cavalry , who assisted him in the killing of great warriors, knights and champions. [ 8 ] Simultaneously, he ruled Leyndell as the Veiled Monarch. [ 9 ] During this time, he was able to somehow both at Stormveil Castle's outer gate and in the battle-torn fields outside of Leyndell, in the lattermost case disguising himself as a commoner .
After claiming enough shards of the Elden Ring, the Tarnished gains entrance to Leyndell and challenges Morgott at the Elden Throne. Denouncing them and all of his demigod siblings as willful traitors and pillagers emboldened by ambition, he attacks the Tarnished champion. As he begins to falter during the fight, he even unleashes his curse to aid him, although feeling unbearable shame in doing so. Upon his defeat, Morgott warns the Tarnished that the Erdtree would ward them off as it had done for him, and that none may claim the title of Elden Lord. Later, after setting fire to the Erdtree using the Giant's Forge and releasing the Rune of Death , the same Tarnished encounters Godfrey in the throne room, tenderly holding Morgott's body as it fades away.
Morgott's Great Rune Talisman Pouch (if Margit, the Fell Omen not already defeated)
Melina and Dung Eater are both available as summons for this fight. For Dung Eater to be available, the player must have released him from his cell in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds.
Morgott is a highly aggressive and fast-moving enemy, chaining together attacks in rapid succession while leaving few openings. His curved sword inflicts blood loss on impact, while the holy armaments he summons deal holy damage. He has ranged attacks, such as his throwing knives and spear, and utilises jumps, cartwheels, and dashes to close or create distance.
Once his health drops to 50%, Morgott performs an area of effect attack in which his cursed blood erupts from the ground. His blade becomes infused with his cursed blood, and he gains a number of bloodflame-based attacks. He may also summon golden blades that rain down from the sky.
The arena is a wide, circular platform with no obstacles, aside from the throne which will break if hit.
His name might be inspired by Melkor's nickname - Morgoth. (Melkor is the main and very first antagonist of the Legendarium of Middle-earth)
He was known as the Grace-Given , as he was presumably awarded grace for his loyalty and dedication to the Erdtree, in spite of being born as "graceless" Omen.  Ironically, he mocks the player as "graceless Tarnished" before the fight.
His other title is the Veiled Monarch of Leyndell, an alias he assumed as he was unable to publicly reveal himself an Omen to the denizens of the capital. There was a cut questline involving a nobleman of the capital who discovers the truth about their Veiled Monarch, much to their horror. [ 10 ] Thus all of his public appearances, such as participating in battles, or hunting Tarnished and other champions, would be done under the guise of Margit, the Fell Omen .
The spectral weapons he can summon during his fights are the Treespear, Giant Crusher, Erdsteel Dagger, and the Carian Knight's Sword. While the first three are associated with the Erdtree and its warriors or nobility, the lattermost is a curious choice given the abundance of swords associated with Leyndell.
While the first three are associated with the Erdtree and its warriors or nobility, the lattermost is a curious choice given the abundance of swords associated with Leyndell.
Morgott at the Elden Throne, seen in the trailer
Morgott the Omen King fighting Radahn
Margit (Morgott) render
Margit the Fell Omen

---

area: Elphael
chapter: 28
name: Malenia Blade of Miquella
Malenia, Blade of Miquella and Malenia, Goddess of Rot is a two-phase Demigod Boss in Elden Ring . She is the Empyrean twin sister of Miquella and gained renown for her legendary battle against Starscourge Radahn during the Shattering, in which she unleashed the power of the Scarlet Rot and reduced Caelid to ruins. This is an optional boss, as players do not need to defeat her in order to advance in Elden Ring.
See Malenia, Blade of Miquella Lore
...Heed my words. I am Malenia. Blade of Miquella. And I have never known defeat.
Boss Guide & Strategy
This is an optional boss
After depleting Malenia's first health bar, she will heal 80% and enter phase 2
Phase 2 of this boss is called Malenia, Goddess of Rot
Closest Site of Grace: Haligtree Roots
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
Players can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss Redmane Knight Ogha , Bigmouth Imp
Redmane Knight Ogha , Bigmouth Imp
Malenia is located at the bottom of Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree . Her arena is immediately down the stairs from the Haligtree Roots Site of Grace. [ Map Link ]
Health: 33,251 HP (Phase 1: 18,473 , Phase 2: 14,778 )
Parryable : Yes, but 3 parries are required per stance break
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken or parried
Damage: Standard , Slash , Pierce (Phase 1), Standard , Slash , Pierce , Holy (Phase 2)
Inflicts: Scarlet Rot (Phase 2)
Drops 480,000, Malenia's Great Rune , Remembrance of the Rot Goddess
Fire : 0 (in water: 10 )
Lightning : 20 (in water: 10 )
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 1481 / 1938
Scarlet Rot : 1481 / 1938
Hemorrhage : 421 / 519 / 809 / 1266
Frostbite : 306 / 348 / 446 / 736 / 1193
Sleep : 689 / 979 / 1436
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
Patch 1.04.1: This hotfix corrected a severe, unintended bug introduced in Patch 1.04 where Malenia would constantly heal herself on every attack—even when players successfully dodged or when she swung at thin air. This patch also fixed a bug that allowed bosses to occasionally die at unintended times during the phase transition.
Patch 1.04: Before the bug mentioned above, this major update adjusted player tools used to counter Malenia. It nerfed the Swarm of Flies incantation, which players heavily relied on to inflict hemorrhage (bleed) and stagger her.
Patch 1.03: While not a direct stat change to Malenia, this patch adjusted the Mimic Tear summon and other Spirit Ashes, reducing their overall damage and behavior. Because many players used Spirit Ashes to distract Malenia and prevent her from lifestealing, this indirectly increased the difficulty of the encounter.
The Best Tips for Malenia, Blade of Miquella:
Malenia damage is physical only, so stack reduction against it such as the Dragoncrest Greatshield Talisman , the consumable Boiled Crab , the Opaline Hardtear in your Flask of Wondrous Physick , or the incantations Black Flame's Protection or Golden Vow . 50-60% damage reduction should make this fight slightly easier
50-60% damage reduction should make this fight slightly easier
Malenia has low Poise so it doesn't take much to break her stance and leave her open to a critical attack, so builds with good physical damage may want to use Stonebarb Cracked Tear . Additionally, she is vulnerable to knockdown attacks in her first phase, so using a weapon or Spirit Ash that abuses this can be helpful.
Malenia heals herself on every hit even if her attacks are blocked. The amount she heals is a fixed percentage of her maximum HP depending on the attack. This means that co-op summons as well as NG+ cycles increase the amount she heals proportional to the increase to her max HP from scaling. Albinauric Pot does not stop her from healing.
Inflict status effects. Malenia is weak to Frost and neutral to Fire. You can Frostbite Malenia, which deals 7% of her maximum health on its own and lowers her damage negation. Malenia also has relatively low resistance to Hemorrhage, inflicting bleed on her can allow players to outpace her self-healing, this makes the Rivers of Blood 's unique skill Corpse Piler a good option against her as it deals Physical and Fire damage and inflicts Bleed buildup. Frost or hemorrhage can be used to stun her from Waterfowl Dance Frost can be also used for minor damage buff when non-fire weapons/spells are used
Frost or hemorrhage can be used to stun her from Waterfowl Dance
Frost can be also used for minor damage buff when non-fire weapons/spells are used
Players can use summons such as Redmane Knight Ogha Ashes , whose great arrows will often stagger Malenia and can even interrupt her during the Phantom Spirits attack. Additionally, he will stay in the back, and she will focus on you as long as you keep her attention. Black Knife Tiche is also a good option, as she can dodge Malenia's attacks and limit her self-healing. Latenna The Albinauric is also a good option as she can be summoned by the door while the player keeps Malenia away from her. Summons that are more focused on tanking are not recommended, as Malenia will just heal herself off of them. Dragon Knight Kristoff can stagger Malenia reliably, especially when chain casting Thunderbolt. He is also very tanky and can usually stay alive for the fight.
Malenia is able to dodge spells, what makes most of spells useless Incantation users should consider Flame of the Fell God . Because it triggers Malenia's dodge on cast, she is then incapable of dodging the explosion, which also knocks her down during her first phase if she isn't attacking with super armor. Sorceries users should consider spells that get around her input reading such as Night Comet .
Incantation users should consider Flame of the Fell God . Because it triggers Malenia's dodge on cast, she is then incapable of dodging the explosion, which also knocks her down during her first phase if she isn't attacking with super armor.
Sorceries users should consider spells that get around her input reading such as Night Comet .
When buffed with Bloody Slash , items that can stagger her and consistently hit her are Lion's Claw and Gravity Bolt , once fully prepared respectively completing Phase One and Phase Two
Lion's Claw and Gravity Bolt , once fully prepared respectively completing Phase One and Phase Two
Malenia, Blade of Miquella is a two-phase fight, with the second phase beginning once her health is reduced to zero for the first time.
Phase one: Malenia is slightly less aggressive and will mostly only attack if the player tries to attack her. Additionally, if the player does not target lock the camera on her, she is likely to stay away from the player just walking left and right. Use this to your advantage when you need some breathing room - for example, to drink a healing flask. If attacked with projectiles, she will attempt to dodge them and then rush at the player to attack them. Malenia has a few attacks that she can use to quickly close the gap, the most notable of these is her grab attack, which deals obscene amounts of damage, thus healing her for a big amount. If Malenia takes too much damage, she will attempt to disengage by jumping backwards 2 times, distancing herself from the player.
Once Malenia goes below 75% HP, she unlocks her Waterfowl Dance attack: she leaps into the air with her sword ready and, after a brief pause, lunges at the player four times with a flurry of cuts. The third leap has more range than the two before it. The fourth leap has massive range, and Malenia will attempt to get behind the player with it. After this final fourth flurry, a final cut strikes around her. All steps of this attack deal massive damage, getting hit by it all will very likely kill the player even at full health. Read the attacks & counter section for tips on how to avoid this attack.
After getting Malenia to 0 health, a cutscene plays and phase 2 starts with Malenia at 80% health. Note that critical attacks will not trigger phase 2, and Malenia will survive them even if she has 0 health. Only a non-critical attack will work.
Phase two: Malenia, floating in the air, rapidly crashes on the player using Scarlet Aeonia dealing massive damage, then blooms into an orange flower which deals massive damage and inflicts massive amounts of Scarlet Rot. To dodge it, simply run towards Malenia and get behind her, she will miss because she cannot steer that much while charging the attack. Malenia will repeat this attack every 3 minutes.
Each of Malenia's attacks in this phase inflicts Scarlet Rot, the player should ensure they have Preserving Boluses to cleanse this condition should they be afflicted.
In addition to all her previous attacks and the aforementioned Scarlet Aeonia, Malenia gains a few new attacks in this phase. Most notably, as a follow-up to other sword attacks, Malenia can jump and then slam her sword into the ground to create a delayed explosion. Finally, Malenia can leap very high into the air, leaving behind her a small vortex of rot that deals massive damage, she will then summon phantoms of herself to lunge at the player one after the other, before finally lunging herself.
While standing on the shallow water puddle in the middle of the arena, Malenia (and the player) gain 10% damage reduction to Fire Damage and lose 10% damage reduction to Lightning Damage.
When you use ranged attacks, perfumes, or throwables, Malenia will dodge to the side and then charge at you. It’s best to use spells or incantations that can follow her movements. When her health drops to 75%, she starts using Waterfowl Dance . She will still dodge ranged attacks but might follow up with this powerful move. You can also use summons to distract Malenia — this allows you to use ranged attacks safely off of distance. Also, Night Sorceries will not trigger her evasion, as they are invisible to NPCs.
After dodging Malenia’s Scarlet Aeonia attack by moving behind her, you’ll have about 5-7 seconds to attack her. This is a good time to use strong ranged attacks or spells with Do T area effects. If you have enough FP (Focus Points), using Comet Azur can take a big chunk of her health before she becomes active again. You can repeat this strategy each time she uses Scarlet Aeonia for heavy damage.
If Malenia is running at you at the start of the fight, she will proceed to rush you with a horizontal spinning attack once you are in range. This attack is telegraphed and easily parried. If you're not good at parrying, then dodge toward Malenia's left side (the player's right). If she slows down or starts moving left or right, she will not do the spin attack.
In order to avoid her Waterfowl Dance combo you must start running away from her while maintaining lock-on as soon as she leaps, which will let you avoid the first two spin attacks entirely if done soon enough (if not you will have to roll the second one). The third spin attack has to be rolled through, and make sure to stay away from her until the final Ao E triggers. If you are caught by the attack, it is better to roll towards her than away; the extreme edges of the attack seem to have more hitboxes.
Ash of War: Bloodhound's Step makes dodging Waterfowl Dance significantly easier. Using that ability, you can completely avoid the combo, even if you're close to Malenia when she starts its windup. Dash away from her, out of range of the first and second flurries (possibly multiple times depending on how far away she is), and toward her (once) to avoid the third flurry. (During the third flurry she jumps to you regardless of the distance, but the first and second flurries have a fixed jump range.)
In Phase 2, make sure you are constantly topped up to full HP. Many of her basic combo attacks are strong enough to deal well over 1000 damage to heavy armor users very quickly, so sitting at 80% HP or below to save on flasks is liable to get you killed.
A weapon with the Ash of War: Wild Strikes and the blood affinity can trivialize the first phase of the fight.
Ash of War: Golden Parry is useful for easily parrying most of her attacks. The increased parry range and window can be of tremendous help to players with less experience in parrying her attacks.
The main trick here is to attack her when she's not in an attack animation in order to stagger her, typically after she is done with a combo. Once you hit her and it staggers her, keep attacking to keep the stagger going while paying attention to when she side hops as this interrupts the stagger. When she does so, roll out of the way, keep some distance, and dodge her attacks until you get another opening, while keeping a keen eye on the startup for her waterfowl dance, to which you should run away from the first two volleys and dodge through the final volley. Be mindful of your positioning at all times, you do not want your back to a wall when she does her waterfowl dance. Stay calm, do not panic, watch some videos of her attacks, and you'll realize her flashy moves just seemed intimidating/impossible at first. Do not rely on a shield to do the work for you due to her healing ability, at most you should only use it to block the stray hit. Talisman suggestions would be Dragoncrest Greatshield Talisman (or your best one), Ritual Shield Talisman , and Green Turtle Talisman to help mitigate damage and improve stamina regeneration. The Prelate's Charge skill can be used to stagger her by driving her into a corner as long as you have enough FP.
In her second phase her attacks start to flow together more, but good ones to punish are her slamming attacks as she takes some time to create a rot burst in front of her.
Rivers of Blood and Blasphemous Blade are great options for weapons. If focusing on bleed damage, Curved Swords are a good choice as their dual-wielded jumping attack hits four times allowing quick Bleed build-up. This can be paired with the Raptor's Black Feathers , Claw Talisman , Beastman's Curved Sword , and Rotten Winged Sword Insignia for high DPS. The Scavenger's Curved Sword dual wielded with a curved sword with bleed affinity is a good choice for such a build. For Strength Arcane builds, Mohgwyn's Sacred Spear can be used for inflicting bleed from a distance rapidly by using the Bloodboon Ritual weapon skill.
For Incantation users, Swarm of Flies is a good option when summoning, especially Black Knife Tiche Ashes . Once Malenia focuses on Tiche, start casting Swarm of Flies. A slight delay between casts is a little more effective than constant spam, as it seems to catch her fully in each swarm rather than clipping her as she dodges out. If she leaps, just keep your distance and get ready to dodge Waterfowl Dance. With luck, one of your swarms will cause blood loss and she'll be staggered, but because you're keeping range, you should be able to dodge much, if not all, of the Waterfowl Dance. On phase 2, the recovery of Scarlet Aeonia is the perfect time to spam Swarm of Flies.
Other good incantations are Borealis's Mist to inflict Frostbite, Giantsflame Take Thee for its massive damage and high chance to knock Malenia down, Aspect of the Crucible: Tail and Aspect of the Crucible: Horns to knock down Malenia, or Dragonmaw which deals good damage and knocks her down. Protect yourself with both Golden Vow and Black Flame's Protection as they stack. Don't use offensive Holy incantations because Malenia has 40% damage reduction against Holy damage. Rotten Breath or Ekzyke's Decay are not terrible, but Malenia does have very high resistance to Scarlet Rot and Poison. For INT+FTH builds, Ancient Death Rancor is also a very good option, as it deals good damage, has good poise damage, and good tracking.
For Sorcery users, starting the fight with Ranni's Dark Moon can be helpful as it lowers her magic resistance and deals frostbite damage.
Do not use projectile attacks such as Great Glintstone Shard because she will just dodge them. Instead, use sorceries with good tracking capabilities such as the aforementioned moon or Stars of Ruin . Malenia, as all other NPCs, cannot see Night Sorceries so she will not dodge them, making Night Comet a fantastic option especially when paired with a Staff of Loss on the other hand to buff its damage (or, even better, with two Staves of Loss if you can get a second one from another player or a new game + playthrough).
Other good sorceries against her are Greatblade Phalanx for its high stance damage, which can be good if playing with a weapon that can inflict critical attacks once you stagger her, but this is not as good for pure mages that only use staves. Carian Piercer and Cannon of Haima are also good for knocking her down. For INT+FTH builds, Ancient Death Rancor is also a very good option, as it deals good damage, has good stance damage, and good tracking.
If using summons, Malenia might dodge fewer projectiles as she's busy focusing on the summon. This opens the door for spells such as Comet or Shard Spiral . Alternatively, spamming Ranni's Dark Moon while Malenia focuses on the summons is also a valid strategy, though this requires a lot of FP. If not spamming Dark Moon, Glinstone Icecrag can help trigger Frostbite. Finally, Comet Azur can be considered for phase 2 to punish Malenia after dodging her Scarlet Aeonia.
"In the first year after launch, From Software reported that Malenia had killed players 329 million times" - How Many Times Players Attempted Malenia
In version 1.04 of Elden Ring, there was a bug related to the healing mechanic, which was present only when players fought Malenia in co-op - each attack would result in heal, even if the attack missed due to i-frames. This has since been fixed as of update 1.04.1
In the Elden Ring trailer shown at E3 2021, Malenia's arena is slightly different, with a much darker appearance and fewer roots in the background. However, the clip from her pre-battle cutscene has the final arena design.
First phase can't be finished with a critical strike or damage caused by inflicting status effect - Malenia will remain with 1 HP left, even with poison or rot damage. In a very earlier version of the game, if the player managed to finish that phase with critical strike, 2nd phase Malenia would spawn with 1 HP.
After the player parries her three times and she enters the animation that allows for a critical hit, she can be staggered by any attack (including things like throwing knives), knocking her out of the critical animation.
Malenia is featured in the game's Collector's Edition, which includes a statue of her and a replica of her helmet.
Bug: If player depletes her poise while she performs attack with hyper-armor, she will not be put in a state that allows to perform a riposte.
Bug (possible only in co-op or with Spirit Ash): If player manage to end first phase with a riposte while Malenia's HP is 0, she will spawn with 1HP in 2nd phase. This can cause some odd situation in her attacks, as her first one will not be Scarlet Aeonia.
This can cause some odd situation in her attacks, as her first one will not be Scarlet Aeonia.
Voice Actress: Pippa Bennett-Warner.
I dreamt for so long.
My flesh was dull gold...and my blood, rotted.
Corpse after corpse, left in my wake...
As I awaited... his return.
I am Malenia. Blade of Miquella.
And I have never known defeat.
Defeating player in phase 1 (1.00): Now do you understand? I am Malenia, Blade of Miquella...
Defeating player in phase 1 (after 1.00): I am Malenia, Blade of Miquella...
Defeating player in phase 2: Let your flesh be consumed. By the scarlet rot.
The scarlet bloom flowers once more
You will witness true horror.
Your strength, extraordinary...
The mark...of a true Lord...
O, dearest Miquella, my brother...
I'm sorry. I finally met my match...
Remembrance of Malenia, Goddess of Rot, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Miquella and Malenia are both the children of a single god. As such they are both Empyreans, but suffered afflictions from birth. One was cursed with eternal childhood, and the other harbored rot within.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Malenia. The blessing of this half-rotted rune reduces the healing power of Flask of Crimson Tears.
And yet, due to the infusion of Malenia's spirit of resistance. attacks made immediately after receiving damage will partially recover HP.
Malenia is daughter to Queen Marika and Radagon, and her Great Rune should have been the most sacred of all.
A talisman engraved with a scene from a heroic tale. Raises dexterity.
Though born into the accursed rot, when the young girl encountered her mentor and his flowing blade, she gained wings of unparalleled strength.
Golden prosthesis once used by the one-armed valkyrie. A masterwork of craftsmanship, with practice and skill it can be used as proficiently as a real arm.
When Maleigh Marais, Lord of the Shaded Castle, embraced this prosthesis, he claimed to feel the presence of his personal goddess.
Robe with a black mantle across the shoulders. Customarily worn by the head of House Marais.
The sons of House Marais are all sickly born. Little wonder that Maleigh Marais would be so beguiled by the beautiful and fierce goddess who was born into rot.
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists. A gift of gratitude to the young Miquella from his father, Radagon.
Produces a golden ring of light and fires it across a wide area. Charging enhances range.
And yet, the young Miquella abandoned fundamentalism, for it could do nothing to treat Malenia's accursed rot. This was the beginning of unalloyed gold.
Blade built into Malenia's prosthetic arm. Through consecration it is resistant to rot.
Malenia's war prosthesis symbolized her victories. Some claim to have seen wings when the weapon was raised aloft; wings of fierce determination that have never known defeat.
A talisman depicting a raised prosthetic blade. An honor bestowed upon the knights who fought alongside Malenia the Severed.
Raises attack power with successive attacks.
The wings symbolize Malenia and her undefeated prowess. Though she never knew relief from the accursed rot she was born into, her blade was forever beautiful - and relentless.
Armor of the Cleanrot Knights, celebrated for their undefeated campaign in the Shattering.
The Cleanrot Knights vowed to fight alongside Malenia, despite the inevitable, if gradual, putrefaction of their flesh. Their acceptance of their fate made these battles fiercest of all.
Technique of Malenia, the Goddess of Rot.
Creates a gigantic flower that blooms into an explosion of scarlet rot.
Each time the scarlet flower blooms, Malenia's rot advances. It has bloomed twice already. With the third bloom, she will become a true goddess.
A butterfly with withered, scarlet wings found in the swamp of Aeonia. Material used for crafting items.
I am Malenia.  Blade of Miquella.  And I have never known defeat.
Malenia, Blade of Miquella is an optional remembrance boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . She is a Demigod Shardbearer who is encountered in Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree . She and her elder twin brother, Miquella of the Haligtree , are together known as the Twin Prodigies (天賦の双子, Tenpu no Futago ).
1 Overview 1.1 Early Life 1.2 The Shattering
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Moveset 2.2 Phase 1 - Malenia, Blade of Miquella 2.3 Phase 2 - Malenia, Goddess of Rot 2.4 Environment
2.2 Phase 1 - Malenia, Blade of Miquella
2.3 Phase 2 - Malenia, Goddess of Rot
5 Gallery 5.1 Concept Art 5.2 Gallery 5.3 Manga
Malenia was born the child of Queen Marika the Eternal and her second husband, the Elden Lord Radagon . [ 2 ] She had an elder twin brother by the name of Miquella . [ 3 ] Both Malenia and Miquella were Empyreans , [ 4 ] meaning they had the potential to one day replace their mother as a new god of a coming age. But since Radagon and Marika were in fact the same person, Malenia and Miquella were born afflicted. Malenia was afflicted with the Scarlet Rot , which ravaged her from within and would cost her several limbs, while Miquella was afflicted with eternal childhood, unable to ever grow into adulthood.
At some point, Malenia encountered a blind swordsman who had sealed away an Outer God of Rot. [ 5 ] The swordsman became her master, and trained her in the ways of the blade, allowing her to gain wings of unparalleled strength. [ 6 ] Malenia would eventually become a warrior without peer. She would attract loyal servants like her Cleanrot Knights (who vowed to fight next to her despite the inevitable gradual putrefaction of their flesh [ 7 ] ), as well as worshippers, who believed her a goddess. Members of House Marais, who were all sickly born, were naturally drawn to the beautiful and fierce Malenia who became such a powerful warrior in spite of being born into rot, [ 8 ] and requiring prostheses to fight. [ 1 ]
Malenia and Miquella were close, and Malenia would become her brother's sworn blade and protector, while Miquella worked tirelessly to try and undo the curses they had both been born into. While unable to find a cure for his sister, Miquella designed a needle of unalloyed gold that could keep the Scarlet Rot ravaging Malenia's body at bay. [ 9 ]
After the Elden Ring was shattered, Malenia and Miquella both claimed shards of the broken Elden Ring . During the wars between the demigods which followed the Shattering, Malenia led an army that marched south from the Haligtree . She won many battles, even humbling fellow demigod and shardbearer , Godrick the Grafted , [ 10 ] who groveled at her feet for mercy after first insulting her and then suffering defeat.
Malenia and her half-brother Radahn would eventually be the last two demigods left standing in the conflict. Their forces clashed in the Caelid Wilds , and the two fought a bitter duel for supremacy. In the midst of the combat with Radahn, the Scarlet Rot was unleashed by Malenia, resulting in her first bloom . The blooming of the Scarlet Rot devastated Caelid, leaving it a rotting wasteland, and caused Radahn to rapidly degenerate, losing his wits and cursing him to wander the battlefield as a mindless beast, feasting on the bodies of friend and foe alike.
Malenia herself was not unaffected, and unleashing the Scarlet Rot left her in a coma. She was rescued by one of her Cleanrot Knights, Finlay , and brought to the Haligtree to await her brother's rebirth, as he had encased himself within the Haligtree in an effort to reverse his curse.  However, either during Malenia's absence, or during her slumber, Miquella was ripped from the womb of the tree and taken away by Mohg, Lord of Blood before he could emerge from his cocoon.
While Malenia slept, the Scarlet Rot seeped out from her and began infecting the Haligtree. When she had blossomed in Caelid, she had inadvertently birthed the Kindred of Rot , who worshipped her as a goddess [ 11 ] and hoped to cause her to bloom once again, believing that she would usher in a new age of rot. Malenia's slumber is eventually disturbed by a Tarnished , who found their way to the roots of the Haligtree. The two fight, and Malenia finally meets her match and suffers her first true defeat. However, in the end Malenia succumbs to the Scarlet Rot and blossoms yet again, reborn as a nascent goddess. She unleashes her full fury against the invader, but falls short yet again, her dying words an apology to her vanished brother.
Malenia is fought at the end of Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree, in a large chamber beyond the Haligtree Roots Site of Grace.
Malenia will regain lost HP with every successful attack, even if they are blocked.
In phase 1, Malenia will primarily make use of melee attacks using her sword. Her quick attacks, combined with her HP regeneration on hit, mean that she can rapidly recover from any damage dealt. However, she staggers easily, and her attacks can be cancelled by attacking during her wind-up animations. Frostbite and Blood Loss are especially good for staggering her.
Once her health reaches 0, a cutscene will play, instigating phase 2. Malenia, now with large wings, gains a variety of Scarlet Rot-based attacks, and many of her regular attacks can now inflict the status effect. She will begin the phase with 80% of her maximum health, but can recover this using her HP regeneration. This phase will always begin with a Scarlet Aeonia attack, which can immediately end the fight if the player does not immediately get some distance. She can also create phantom projections of herself, which will attack and then disappear.
Malenia's arena is a wide cavern with a shallow pool of water in the middle. There are no obstacles, so there is plenty of space to gain distance during some of Malenia's more devastating attacks.
Malenia has a prosthetic right arm, left leg, and right foot. It is unknown if these were amputated due to the scarlet rot fe

---

area: Caelid
chapter: 9
name: Starscourge Radahn
Starscourge Radahn is a Legend Boss in Elden Ring . Starscourge Radahn is heralded as one of the mightiest living demigods , having fought Malenia the Severed to a standstill during the Shattering. However, his resulting affliction with the Scarlet Rot caused him to be driven to insanity, crippling him and reducing him to a state of feral rage. He is located in Caelid , where he can be accessed from Redmane Castle after activating the Radahn Festival by progressing far enough in Ranni's questline , or activating any site of grace in Altus Plateau .
Radahn is an optional boss, and doesn't need to be defeated to advance Elden Ring's main storyline. However, he is a shardbearer, and two of the five available shardbearers must be defeated before entering Leyndell, Royal Capital . In addition, he must be defeated to access Nokron, Eternal City , achieve a certain ending , and unlock the Shadow of the Erdtree expansion.
See Starscourge Radahn Lore
The Red Lion General wielded gravitational powers which he learned in Sellia during his younger days. All so he would never have to abandon his beloved but scrawny steed.
This is an optional boss, but he must be defeated to access Nokron, Eternal City and to achieve a certain ending
This boss is required to access the Shadow of the Erdtree expansion
Closest Site of Grace: Chamber Outside the Plaza
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
Spirit Ashes are NOT allowed for this boss
NPC Summons : Blaidd , Iron Fist Alexander , Patches , Great Horned Tragoth , Okina , Lionel the Lionhearted , Finger Maiden Therolina , Castellan Jerren . For more information, see below . Unlike most other bosses, summoning NPCs will not reduce the number of runes you receive.
Unlike most other bosses, summoning NPCs will not reduce the number of runes you receive.
Starscourge Radahn can be found through a portal at the end of Redmane Castle in Caelid . He can only be reached when the Radahn Festival is active. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken
Damage: Standard , Pierce , Magic
Drops 70,000, Remembrance of the Starscourge , Radahn's Great Rune
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 334 / 432 / 722 / 1179
Scarlet Rot : 243 / 285 / 383 / 673
Hemorrhage : 334 / 432 / 722 / 1179
Frostbite : 334 / 432 / 722 / 1179
Sleep : 548 / 838 / 1295
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
Enia will become available in Roundtable Hold if this is the first Great Rune holder that the Tarnished has defeated.
Enia will give you a Talisman Pouch if it is the second Great Rune holder that the Tarnished has defeated.
Starfall Crater is formed and a red sign appears on the map, and Nokron, Eternal City becomes available.
Ranni the Witch will return to Ranni's Rise if she was not there before.
Torrent is available for this fight (unless other players are summoned in for co-op)
The summon signs seen are NPC summons for the Festival Mechanic. They can be summoned with one button press and any number can be summoned at once. Upon death, their signs will reappear to summon again, though not necessarily in the same place as first summoned. With the summons, it is possible (if slow) to complete the fight without attacking Radahn directly.
With the summons, it is possible (if slow) to complete the fight without attacking Radahn directly.
Radahn will start shooting magic arrows immediately upon entering the arena These can be blocked with a shield, but will do heavy magic damage. They will kill most players in one hit. The arrows home so accurately that they are usually not possible to dodge without the use of i-frames, such as rolling or mounting/dismounting Torrent. As always, rolling toward the source of a projectile will make it easier to dodge. Debris on the battlefield will block the arrows once, as the arrow will destroy the debris instead of hitting the player. The first two groups of summon signs are behind such debris.
These can be blocked with a shield, but will do heavy magic damage. They will kill most players in one hit.
The arrows home so accurately that they are usually not possible to dodge without the use of i-frames, such as rolling or mounting/dismounting Torrent. As always, rolling toward the source of a projectile will make it easier to dodge.
Debris on the battlefield will block the arrows once, as the arrow will destroy the debris instead of hitting the player. The first two groups of summon signs are behind such debris.
The arrow barrage Radahn fires in the air ("Radahn's Rain") will also home in on you. It is easier to dodge on Torrent, but is possible to outrun on foot if you run directly perpendicular to Radahn. A reliable approach is to raise your shield when you enter the arena and approach the first group of summon signs. Summon all available NPCs, using the debris next to their signs for cover, and advance to the next group with your shield up. Keep an eye on Radahn: at some point he pulls back his bow without the magical energy charges, signaling you to get on your horse and begin strafing to avoid his spear-arrow attacks. Once you get close enough, Radahn will pull out his swords and begin his melee attacks, at which point you can begin the fight. At this point, if you're on horseback it should be safe to run away a bit and heal the chip damage from his arrow attacks. If the player stays a far enough distance away, he will become unable to perform his arrow wall attack, making the opening sequence of the fight a lot easier. In terms of proximity, avoid going past the first 3 summon signs you see until one of them has had the opportunity to make Radahn switch to his Melee stance. After which you are fine to continue moving forward and collect the missing summon signs. Otherwise, if you don't want to deal with Radahn's ranged attacks, there's also a way to prevent them altogether. As soon as you load into the arena, start running away in the opposite direction until Radahn's model is unloaded. When the model is no longer visible on screen, start heading back towards him; as he reappears, Radahn will automatically pull out the swords and will start approaching you in melee mode, giving you more than enough time to safely buff or summon the phantoms without the arrows bothering you.
A reliable approach is to raise your shield when you enter the arena and approach the first group of summon signs. Summon all available NPCs, using the debris next to their signs for cover, and advance to the next group with your shield up. Keep an eye on Radahn: at some point he pulls back his bow without the magical energy charges, signaling you to get on your horse and begin strafing to avoid his spear-arrow attacks. Once you get close enough, Radahn will pull out his swords and begin his melee attacks, at which point you can begin the fight. At this point, if you're on horseback it should be safe to run away a bit and heal the chip damage from his arrow attacks.
If the player stays a far enough distance away, he will become unable to perform his arrow wall attack, making the opening sequence of the fight a lot easier. In terms of proximity, avoid going past the first 3 summon signs you see until one of them has had the opportunity to make Radahn switch to his Melee stance. After which you are fine to continue moving forward and collect the missing summon signs.
Otherwise, if you don't want to deal with Radahn's ranged attacks, there's also a way to prevent them altogether. As soon as you load into the arena, start running away in the opposite direction until Radahn's model is unloaded. When the model is no longer visible on screen, start heading back towards him; as he reappears, Radahn will automatically pull out the swords and will start approaching you in melee mode, giving you more than enough time to safely buff or summon the phantoms without the arrows bothering you.
Almost all of Radahn's ranged attacks, including his magic arrow and both of his magic rock and sphere projectiles will likely kill in one hit. The magic arrows are best dodged with i-frames or blocked. The magic rocks and magic spheres can be dodged with i-frames or by sprinting perpendicularly to Radahn on Torrent.
Radahn is extremely weak to Scarlet Rot. Inflicting it on him once will bring him down to half health in a short time. Inflicting it on him again near the start of the second phase will kill him in a short time. By far the easiest way to win the fight is to hit him with Rotten Breath , which will require two successful hits to inflict Scarlet Rot.
Suggested weapon: Antspur Rapier (DEX/ARC)
In the first phase of the battle, Radahn moves around quickly on horseback, making it challenging to land consistent hits. Fast weapons with bleed effects, such as the Uchigatana , Bloodhound's Fang , or Hookclaws , are particularly effective. The summoned NPCs will often draw Radahn’s attention, allowing you to land several chain attacks. Bleed builds up quickly, dealing significant damage, but be cautious when Radahn's health drops to around 75%. At this point, he'll clang his two Greatswords together and slam them into the ground, creating a short window for one or two more attacks. Afterward, he pulls the swords out and slams them back down, triggering a gravity magic attack that pulls in and stuns everyone nearby before dealing heavy damage.
In Phase 1.5, Radahn gains a few new ranged attacks, but the fight remains similar to the first phase. Some NPCs may die, but they can be re-summoned after a short cooldown. Watch out for his rush attacks, and continue dealing damage in small bursts, retreating to heal on horseback when necessary.
During Phase 2, Radahn leaps into the air and seemingly vanishes, giving you a brief moment to heal and re-summon fallen allies. However, keep an eye on the sky, as he will come crashing back down like a fiery meteor. This can be dodged on horseback, but getting hit will likely result in instant death. Upon landing, Radahn summons four boulders that surround him and shoot toward you at high speed, potentially insta-killing you if you're not using a Greatshield . These boulders fire just before he uses his drill attack.
For the rest of the fight, focus on re-summoning NPCs, as it’s too risky to engage Radahn directly. Many of his attacks deal heavy damage, so only strike when you see a clear opportunity. Radahn has three different Ao E attacks to watch for: Gravitas Pull , which has a massive range and can pull you toward him (though it can be dodged); Gravitas Wave , where he jumps into the air and slams down, releasing a massive energy wave in a cone (which can be rolled through or jumped over on horseback); and Drill Blades , where he spins toward you at high speed, dealing heavy damage (which can be rolled through with good timing).
Rock Sling with the Meteorite Staff is a viable strategy, 3-4 shots can bring Radahn to his knees. Beware of his impressive range, Radahn can close any distance between him and you in seconds. Keeping him at the very edge of your range is a crucial part of fighting him. As long as there are NPC to distract him, the fight is not too hard.
Loretta's Greatbow can also be very effective while on horseback, although it does take much longer to cast. Magic Glintblade is a safer, faster alternative, but be wary that overzealous casting can trap you in your casting animation, leaving you easy prey for Radahn.
It is recommended to avoid using Thops' Barrier . It will reduce the damage of certain magical attacks, but will still force the player prone after the attack, leading to Radahn almost definitely killing the player anyways. Thops' Barrier will not work what-so-ever on the arrows, and his multi-Gravitas will deal less damage but leave the player prone. It is currently unknown if Thops' Barrier has any effect on Radahn's quad-Rock Sling attack.
Rotten Breath : Two fully charged casts of Rotten Breath will drain 100% of Radahn's HP, he is extremely vulnerable to this incantation. Use Torrent since it can be cast on horseback. The tricky part is timing it properly so that the cloud makes full contact and doesn't miss. The best opening is when he pauses, either during an animation or after finishing his combo, and is about to be hit by a summon.  Time your cast to make contact just after he gets hit by a summon, this causes him to focus the summon and not you. Once the full cast hits, you'll know he's rotted by the HP bar ticking down and seeing the brown cloud.  The rot persists through his phase change, so wait for it to run out entirely before casting again. Using Godrick's Great Rune and Two Fingers Heirloom gives all classes the proper stats. One fully charged cast of Rotten Breath costs 104 FP so be sure to have the necessary FP.
Horseback cheese: Radahn is a unique shardbearer boss for two reasons. One, allies from the festival can be summoned an unlimited number of times. Two, Torrent can be used in the arena. These mechanics can be cheesed to make this fight relatively easy. Radahn has a high number of melee and Ao E strikes, but not many ranged attacks. By using summons to keep him busy, you can ride around hitting him with projectiles causing poison, bleed, or other ailments to chunk down his HP. If you keep a safe distance and watch your recovery time, it's possible to avoid all his attacks by sprinting. As your allies get killed off, find their signs to resummon them. Their signs will typically appear on the peaks of the sand dunes. So long as you keep summoning and remain at a distance, you shouldn't have much trouble with this fight. Rinse and repeat the process until he eventually dies.
Upon release, Radahn's boss fight was substantially critized by fans, who took issue with his huge hitboxes, high damage, and the speed of his moveset; many deemed Radahn as an unfair boss. As a result Radahn was nerfed in Patch 1.03, with his hitboxes corrected but also lowering his damage. The nerf was partially reversed in Patch 1.03.03, with the damage restored but his hitboxes remaining corrected.
His military rank is "General". According to the game files, his horse's name is Leonard. He learned gravity magic in order not to impair his steed, now that he had grown too large to properly ride it. While preparing his Meteor Crash attack, Leonard is pushed underground.
Starscourge Radahn's poise is the highest raw value of that type in Elden Ring (excluding Spirit Ashes ). However, is effective poise is at the same level, as there is no poise-damage reduction multiplier. In terms of "effective poise", value attributed to Radahn is not the highest.
However, is effective poise is at the same level, as there is no poise-damage reduction multiplier. In terms of "effective poise", value attributed to Radahn is not the highest.
According to Fromsoft, Starscourge Radahn is placed 5th place in most fought boss gaining 139 million attempts - Elden Ring Stats Reveal How Many Times Players Attempted Malenia
Radahn can only be fought when the festival is active. Otherwise, the arena where you talk to Jerren will instead contain the Crucible Knight and Misbegotten Warrior fight.
Because the fight takes place during the "combat festival", you're allowed to summon up to six NPCs at a time from summon signs placed all around the map, around spectral banners that hover above the arena. If any of the summons dies, you can resummon them after a 25 second delay. Each of the ten banners scattered across the arena has a specific pool of NPCs that can be summoned. There are enough summons that it's possible to defeat Radahn with summons only. If you travel too far from Radahn, the summons will return to their world.
The following cooperators can be summoned:
Blaidd the Half-Wolf Primarily attacks using his Royal Greatsword , sometimes using its skill, Wolf's Assault . He is very tanky, and will often survive through many attacks. He is also the fastest of all the summons. His high health could allow him to survive Radahn’s Meteor Crash attack. Progress through Blaidd's or Ranni's questline is not necessary for him to appear at the festival, meaning it can be the first time the player encounters him. Blaidd has total of 6 summon signs.
Primarily attacks using his Royal Greatsword , sometimes using its skill, Wolf's Assault . He is very tanky, and will often survive through many attacks. He is also the fastest of all the summons. His high health could allow him to survive Radahn’s Meteor Crash attack.
Progress through Blaidd's or Ranni's questline is not necessary for him to appear at the festival, meaning it can be the first time the player encounters him.
Blaidd has total of 6 summon signs.
Alexander the Warrior Jar Alexander will fight by swinging his arms, occasionally doing a spinning attack. He will also sometimes perform an area-of-effect slam with his fist. He is by far the slowest of the summons, but is very tanky. Alexander can only be summoned in Phase 1, and will always die during the transition to Phase 2. Alexander has total of 3 summon signs.
Alexander will fight by swinging his arms, occasionally doing a spinning attack. He will also sometimes perform an area-of-effect slam with his fist. He is by far the slowest of the summons, but is very tanky.
Alexander can only be summoned in Phase 1, and will always die during the transition to Phase 2.
Alexander has total of 3 summon signs.
Great Horned Tragoth Primarily fights with melee using a Giant-Crusher and an Arbalest in his offhand. When first summoned, he will perform the Casual Greeting gesture , granting it to the player. He will perform the gesture every instance of his "first summon", effectively making him the slowest NPC to make their way to Radahn for the first time. Tragoth has total of 6 summon signs. If he was assassinated for the Volcano Manor , he does not appear as a summon.
Primarily fights with melee using a Giant-Crusher and an Arbalest in his offhand.
When first summoned, he will perform the Casual Greeting gesture , granting it to the player. He will perform the gesture every instance of his "first summon", effectively making him the slowest NPC to make their way to Radahn for the first time.
Tragoth has total of 6 summon signs.
If he was assassinated for the Volcano Manor , he does not appear as a summon.
Patches Will only be available as a summon if you spared him after his boss fight in Murkwater Cave. Flees from the fight a few moments after being summoned, making his other two summon signs unavailable.
Will only be available as a summon if you spared him after his boss fight in Murkwater Cave.
Flees from the fight a few moments after being summoned, making his other two summon signs unavailable.
Lionel the Lionhearted Will primarily utilize melee attacks with his Great Epee , though he tends to approach slowly on some summons and bull-rush on others. He will occasionally cast Rancorcall , summoning many skull projectiles that home in on Radahn. He is tankier than most, but does not deal a great amount of damage. Lionel has total of 6 summon signs.
Will primarily utilize melee attacks with his Great Epee , though he tends to approach slowly on some summons and bull-rush on others.
He will occasionally cast Rancorcall , summoning many skull projectiles that home in on Radahn. He is tankier than most, but does not deal a great amount of damage.
Lionel has total of 6 summon signs.
Okina Fights primarily with melee using Rivers of Blood and the Wakizashi . He will sometimes use its skill, Corpse Piler . With enough hits, it's possible for him to proc Bleed. He is very aggressive, but also quite frail, usually being the first summon to fall in battle. Okina has total of 5 summon signs.
Fights primarily with melee using Rivers of Blood and the Wakizashi . He will sometimes use its skill, Corpse Piler . With enough hits, it's possible for him to proc Bleed.
He is very aggressive, but also quite frail, usually being the first summon to fall in battle.
Okina has total of 5 summon signs.
Finger Maiden Therolina Will be available for the fight regardless of your progression in Ranni or Seluvis's questlines, and will provide the Polite Bow gesture if spoken to before the festival begins. In combat, she attacks by throwing Holy Water Pots . When an ally needs healing, she will occasionally cast Great Heal . Unfortunately, she seems to only do so if player is very close by to the boss, and will opt to chase the player down rather than the boss, unlike other summons. This can make her seem useless for ranged players, as you'll generally be staying away from Radahn so he doesn't smite you between NPC deaths and re-summons. Despite her tendency to prioritize healing, if other summons are low on health, she seems to mostly - if not completely - disregard the player's health. However, she does not seem to make any effort to actually move to the NPCs she's attempting to heal, making her more or less become a sitting duck for several seconds. If the target she's attempting to heal doesn't have its HP increased, she will attempt to keep healing them until either they go above a certain threshold, die, or the player wanders too far from the target. Therolina is scripted to follow the player instead of attacking Radahn. So players need to stay close to the other summons if they want to make full use of her healing Therolina has total of 5 summon signs.
Will be available for the fight regardless of your progression in Ranni or Seluvis's questlines, and will provide the Polite Bow gesture if spoken to before the festival begins.
In combat, she attacks by throwing Holy Water Pots . When an ally needs healing, she will occasionally cast Great Heal . Unfortunately, she seems to only do so if player is very close by to the boss, and will opt to chase the player down rather than the boss, unlike other summons. This can make her seem useless for ranged players, as you'll generally be staying away from Radahn so he doesn't smite you between NPC deaths and re-summons.
Despite her tendency to prioritize healing, if other summons are low on health, she seems to mostly - if not completely - disregard the player's health. However, she does not seem to make any effort to actually move to the NPCs she's attempting to heal, making her more or less become a sitting duck for several seconds. If the target she's attempting to heal doesn't have its HP increased, she will attempt to keep healing them until either they go above a certain threshold, die, or the player wanders too far from the target.
Therolina is scripted to follow the player instead of attacking Radahn. So players need to stay close to the other summons if they want to make full use of her healing
Therolina has total of 5 summon signs.
Castellan Jerren Does good damage attacking with his Flamberge with the Flaming Strike Ash of War, but he cannot tank quite as well. Progress through Sellen's questline does not determine whether or not he's available for the fight, as Radahn must be killed in order for Jerren to move in accordance with Sellen's quest. Jerren has total of 6 summon signs.
Does good damage attacking with his Flamberge with the Flaming Strike Ash of War, but he cannot tank quite as well.
Progress through Sellen's questline does not determine whether or not he's available for the fight, as Radahn must be killed in order for Jerren to move in accordance with Sellen's quest.
Jerren has total of 6 summon signs.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Radahn. Its blessing raises maximum HP, FP and Stamina.
Radahn was amongst the children of Rennala and Radagon, who became demigod stepchildren after Radagon's union with Queen Marika.
The Great Rune burns, to resist the encroachment of the scarlet rot.
Remembrance of Starscourge Radahn, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Helm of the golden lion, with flowing red hair. Worn by General Radahn.
Radahn inherited the furious, flaming red hair of his father Radagon, and is fond of its heroic implications.
"I was born a champion's cub. Now I am the Lord of the Battlefield's lion."
One of the glintstone sorceries that manipulates gravitational forces.
Fires numerous gravitational projectiles. Any foes struck will be pulled toward the caster. Charging enhances potency.
A gravitational technique mastered by the young Radahn. "I thank you for your tutelage, for now I can challenge the stars."
A talisman engraved with a scene from a heroic tale. Raises strength.
The mightiest hero of the demigods confronted the falling stars alone—and thus did he crush them, his conquest sealing the very fate of the stars.
Curved greatswords of black steel wielded by General Radahn. A pair of weapons decorated with a lion mane motif.
Radahn earned considerable renown as the Starscourge in his youth, and it is said that it was during this time he engraved the gravity crest upon these blades.
Armor depicting the golden lion. Worn by General Radahn.
The golden lion is said to symbolize Godfrey, the Elden Lord, and his beast regent, Serosh. From his youngest years, Radahn was naturally captivated by the Lord of the Battlefield.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two of Radahn's soldiers.
Both spirits wield fiery weapons to perform powerful skills. Such is their valor that they will immediately attack after being summoned.
General Radahn's soldiers were all reputed to be masterful warriors, and it was popularly said that the Redmanes knew no weakness.
Armor worn by soldiers who fought by General Radahn's side.
The surcoat depicts a red-maned lion raising a sword in the image of Radahn. Thus, they were redmanes, and all proved they were worthy of the name.
Legendary ashen remains. Use to summon the spirit of Ogha, the Redmane Knight.
Spirit of a mighty knight versed in the use of a greatbow. A valiant warrior who will attack immediately after being summoned.
The longest-serving member of the Redmane Knights, Ogha studied techniques to manipulate gravity alongside Radahn. May use a rain of gravitational arrows in response to a war cry, but only once.
A pointy, ragged hood. Worn by the knight Jerren.
The hood hides an aged, bearded mask.
Jerren served General Radahn as a guest commander, and they are said to have sworn an oath of honorable death to one another.
General Radahn The Red Lion General Conqueror of the Stars The Strongest Demigod The Lord of the Battlefield's Lion
I was born a champion's cub. Now I am the Lord of the Battlefield's lion.
- Radahn's Redmane Helm
Starscourge Radahn is an optional Boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . He is a Demigod and a Shardbearer and the son of Radagon of the Golden Order and Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon . Radahn was also the general of the Redmanes .
Defeating Radahn is required to achieve the Age of the Stars ending .
1 Overview 1.1 Pre-Shattering 1.2 The Shattering 1.3 Shadow of the Erdtree
1.3 Shadow of the Erdtree
2 First Encounter (Starscourge Radahn) 2.1 Moveset 2.2 Phase 1 2.3 Phase 2 2.4 Environment
3 Second Encounter (Promised Consort Radahn) 3.1 Moveset List 3.2 Phase 1 3.3 Phase 2 3.4 Environment 3.5 Dialogue
Radahn was the son of Queen Rennala and Radagon , and became a demigod stepchild after his father's marriage to Queen Marika . [ 1 ] He is regarded as the mightiest hero of the demigods, [ 2 ] and was feared as the strongest demigod of the Shattering . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Radahn was born the son of Radagon , a champion of the Erdtree , and Queen Rennala , head of both the Carian Royal Family and Academy of Raya Lucaria . He had two siblings, Rykard and Ranni . Radahn inherited his father's flaming red hair, and was fond of its heroic implications. [ 5 ] From a young age, he was enamored with the Elden Lord Godfrey . Attempting to emulate his idol, Radahn adorned his armor with lions, the symbol of Godfrey. [ 6 ]
At some point, the first Elden Lord , Godfrey, was robbed of grace and hounded from the Lands Between . Radahn's father, Radagon, left Rennala to become Queen Marika's new consort and the second Elden Lord. [ 7 ] Radahn and his siblings were thus raised to demigod status by their new step-mother, Marika. [ 8 ]
Not wanting to abandon his scrawny but beloved steed, Leonard , [ 9 ] [ 10 ] Radahn studied gravitational magic in Sellia under a master who was an Alabaster Lord . [ 11 ] Radahn befriend the Albinauric Gaius , a senior disciple of his teacher, and the two formed a competitive yet friendly rivalry. Radahn's step-brother Messmer the Impaler was also friends with Gaius and the two became as elder brothers to Radahn. [ 12 ]
Mastering gravitational magic allowed Radahn to manipulate the forces of gravity, and to challenge the very stars themselves. [ 13 ] Radahn conquered the stars, saving Sellia in the process, using his vast gravitational powers to 'shatter' the stars and arrest their cycles, earning him the moniker of "Starscourge." During this time, he engraved the gravity crest upon his blades. [ 2 ] [ 14 ]
Radahn's soldiers were known as the Redmanes for the red-maned lion raising a sword in the image of Radahn on their surcoats. [ 15 ] The longest serving of the Redmane Knights was Ogha , who studied gravitational techniques alongside Radahn in Sellia. [ 16 ] It was popularly said that the Redmanes knew no weakness. [ 17 ] At an unknown period in time, Jerren , a guest of the Carian royals, became a guest commander for Radahn's armies, and they swore a mutual oath of honorable death. [ 18 ] [ 19 ]
When Radahn's half-brother Miquella ascended closer to godhood as an Empyrean , he would soon desire to take Radahn as a consort. Radahn was deeply admired by Miquella for his kindness and strength, seeing qualities of a lord in Radahn since childhood. [ 20 ] He made a vow with Radahn, where Radahn would become his consort, [ 21 ] [ 22 ] and in return, Miquella would have to uphold some unspecified part of the vow. [ 22 ]
At some point following the Night of Black Knives , Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring , and her offspring acquired the Great Runes. The maddening taint of their newfound strength led to the Shattering , a war between Marika's demigod descendants, each seeking to become the new ruler of the Lands Between. [ 23 ]
From his stronghold of Redmane Castle in the Caelid Wilds , Radahn led his armies against the forces of the other demigods. Radahn tried to challenge Godrick the Grafted in Limgrave , but the latter hid in Stormveil Castle . [ 24 ]
By the end of the Shattering, only Radahn and his half-sister Malenia, Blade of Miquella were left standing. The two fought to a stalemate in the Battle of Aeonia, their duel ending inconclusively when Malenia unleashed her Scarlet Rot . [ 25 ] As the flower blossomed, Malenia whispered in Radahn's ear "Miquella awaits thee, O promised consort." [ 26 ]
The Scarlet Rot ravaged Caelid, and consumed Radahn from the inside, eating away at his psyche but failing to kill him. Following the Battle of Aeonia, Radahn roams the Wailing Dunes as a mindless beast who devours the flesh of friend and foe alike, howling at the sky. [ 27 ] Without their commander, the Redmane Knights burned the crest on the left breast of their armor to indicate their resolve to not return home, and to serve as a bulwark against the spread of the rot in Caelid using fire. [ 28 ] [ 29 ]
In spite of his madness, Radahn continues to ride his scrawny steed, as well as halt the motions of the stars. The Radahn Festival has been organized by his men in Castle Redmane to celebrate his last battle. It is a gathering of mighty warriors who might finally put the General out of his misery, and claim his Great Rune for themselves. The festival serves as Jerren's way of fulfilling his oath of honorable death to Radahn. [ 30 ] [ 31 ]
Upon the participation of a Tarnished Champion , the festival is a success, and Radahn is freed from his tortured existence. His death causes the stars to resume their cycles, some of which come crashing down upon the Lands Between. One such falling star lands in Limgrave, opening the path to Nokron, Eternal City , and allowing the fate of Ranni the Witch to progress. [ 32 ] [ 33 ]
Following Radahn's defeat, his soul met its end. However, Miquella sought to revive it, [ 34 ] still desiring for Radahn to be his lord consort. Miquella was successful

---

area: Mt. Gelmir
chapter: 14
name: Rykard Lord of Blasphemy
Tanith (consort) Rya (daughter)
Join the Serpent King, as family... Together, we will devour the very gods!
- Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy
Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy is a boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . He is a Demigod and a Shardbearer who is encountered in Volcano Manor .
1 Overview 1.1 Pre-Shattering 1.2 The Shattering
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Moveset 2.2 Phase 1 - God-Devouring Serpent 2.3 Phase 2 - Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy 2.4 Environment
2.2 Phase 1 - God-Devouring Serpent
2.3 Phase 2 - Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy
Rykard was born the son of Radagon , a champion of the Erdtree , and Queen Rennala , head of both the Carian Royal Family and the Academy of Raya Lucaria . [ 1 ] He had two siblings, Radahn and Ranni .
At some point, the first Elden Lord, Godfrey , was robbed of grace and hounded from the Lands Between . Rykard's father, Radagon, left Rennala to become Queen Marika's new consort and the second Elden Lord . [ 2 ] Rykard and his siblings were thus raised to demigods by their new step-mother, Marika. [ 3 ]
Under the Golden Order , Rykard was a ruthless justiciar who commanded a company of inquisitors. [ 4 ] His inquisitors persecuted and mercilessly tortured those considered heretics to the Golden Order, such as the Albinaurics . He spent time in the volcanic Mt. Gelmir, where he discovered the ancient magma hexes of a forgotten serpent-worshiping religion native to the region, which he brought back into practical use as new sorceries. [ 5 ] [ 6 ] Rykard also travelled to a foreign land where he encountered a dancer by the name of Tanith , who he would eventually take as his consort. [ 1 ]
Rykard was also known for the construction of the Iron Virgins , automatons which were capable of both battlefield carnage and abducting victims to transport them to the Volcano Manor. [ 7 ]
Rykard's budding blasphemous inclinations led him to assist his sister, Ranni, in orchestrating the Night of Black Knives. On the night of the plot, Ranni rewarded Rykard with a slab of rock engraved with the traces of the Rune of Death, which would allow him to challenge the black beast of Destined Death , should the coming trespass one day transpire. [ 8 ]
At some point following the the Night of Black Knives, Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring , and her offspring acquired the Great Runes. The maddening taint of their newfound strength led to the Shattering, a war between Marika's demigod descendants, each seeking to become the new ruler of the Lands Between. [ 9 ]
Rykard was indignant, and viewed the Erdtree and the gods demanding that the demigods fight over miserly scraps of power to be debasing. [ 10 ] He launched a blasphemous campaign against the Erdtree and the Greater Will . [ 11 ] When he turned to heresy, taking by force became the rule, the gods themselves being no different. [ 12 ] Rykard's ambitions, though blasphemous, marked him a worthy sovereign, [ 13 ] and drew many followers to his cause who admired his heroic aspirations. His rebels were known as the Recusants .
Based in the Volcano Manor on Mt. Gelmir, his forces battled the armies of the Leyndell in what would become the most appalling battle of the Shattering, [ 14 ] a wretched, unending war with no glory, [ 15 ] which led to many of the participants succumbing to cannibalism and the Frenzied Sickness .
At some point during the Shattering, Rykard fed himself, Great Rune and all, to the blasphemous serpent that dwelled on Mt. Gelmir, [ 3 ] an ancient traitor to the Erdtree, [ 16 ] merging with the creature. In the final moments before being devoured, he briefly had a vision of the future wherein he witnessed a serpent devouring the world. [ 17 ]
Following this, his lofty ambition degraded into gluttonous depravity. [ 18 ] He fed on his greatest champions, and in the bowels of the serpent, they became the lord's family. [ 19 ] Disturbed by what had become of their master and by the costly battles waged in his name, Rykard's forces abandoned him. [ 18 ] [ 20 ] Some attempted to put him to rest by searching for a mighty weapon capable of killing their lord. Such a weapon was found in the Serpent-Hunter , an enchanted spear crafted to hunt an immortal serpent in the distant past. [ 21 ] However, all attempts made to take his life failed. The spear would come to reside in Rykard's chambers, left by a former Recusant who hoped a worthy champion might one day appear to wield it and spare the once-noble Rykard from further dishonor. [ 22 ]
When Rykard gave himself to the elder serpent, the birth of the man-serpents followed, [ 23 ] the deformed offspring of a repellent birthing ritual. [ 24 ] [ 25 ] One such man-serpent, known as Zorayas , would go on to be adopted by Tanith, and learn to assume an illusory human form in which she went by Rya. She was unaware of the origins of her birth, as Tanith concealed the truth of the Volcano Manor from her and insisted she was born of the grace of a king. [ 26 ] It is implied that the woman known as Daedicar was one such woman subjected to the ritual, the biological mother of Zorayas and other man-serpents. [ 27 ]
At some point before giving himself to the serpent, Rykard offered Tanith the Tonic of Forgetfulness to purge her memories of him, however, she refused, claiming "My Lord, there could be no greater distress than to forget you." [ 28 ] Tanith was the only human to remain at Rykard's side after he became the serpent of blasphemy, in that moment, she was truly charmed by him. [ 29 ] Tanith would continue to lead a new force of Recusants by recruiting the Tarnished once they had returned to the Lands Between after the events of the Shattering. Worthy Tarnished champions would be granted an audience with Rykard, which ended with them being devoured by the serpentine demigod to increase his power further.
Eventually, a Tarnished champion managed to reach Rykard's chambers, and defeated the serpentine demigod to claim his Great Rune. Rykard took notice of this and awoke to confront the Tarnished, then pulle

---

area: Farum Azula
chapter: 22
name: Maliketh the Black Blade
Cower. Before Maliketh, Marika’s Black Blade.
- Maliketh, the Black Blade
Maliketh, the Black Blade is a boss in ELDEN RING (2022) , encountered in Crumbling Farum Azula . This is not an optional boss as Maliketh must be defeated to unlock Leyndell, Ashen Capital and reach the endgame of Elden Ring.
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Moveset 2.2 Phase 1 - Beast Clergyman 2.3 Phase 2 - Maliketh, the Black Blade 2.4 Environment
2.2 Phase 1 - Beast Clergyman
2.3 Phase 2 - Maliketh, the Black Blade
Maliketh is the loyal Shadowbound Beast and half-brother of Queen Marika the Eternal , [ 1 ] [ 2 ] an Empyrean of Numen descent, [ 3 ] who would become the vessel of the Elden Ring . [ 4 ]
Maliketh fought and defeated the Gloam-Eyed Queen , the leader of the Godskin Apostles . [ 5 ] On Marika's orders, Maliketh sealed away the Rune of Death , [ 1 ] binding it within his blade, [ 6 ] causing the true power of the god-slaying black flame to be lost. [ 7 ]
When the Rune of Death was plucked from the Elden Ring, [ 8 ] and confined, [ 9 ] the Golden Order was created, with Queen Marika as its one true god. [ 10 ] Marika's offspring were granted a form of immortality owing to the removal of their fated deaths from the Elden Ring, [ 11 ] however there was not one Demigod who did not fear Maliketh and his blade imbued with death. [ 2 ] He was a beast of such terrifying ferocity that his name came to mean "Death of the Demigods". [ 12 ] He also led the Black Blade Kindred , living gargoyles who wielded weapons held together by blackened corpse wax. [ 13 ]
During the Golden Age of the Erdtree , a fragment of the Rune of Death was stolen from Maliketh. [ 14 ] The perpetrator was Ranni the Witch , who used it to forge godslaying black knives, [ 15 ] which were wielded by the Black Knife Assassins during the assassination of Godwyn the Golden on the Night of Black Knives . [ 16 ] Maliketh responded by binding his blade- and the Rune of Death sealed within- into his own flesh, to prevent death from ever being stolen again. [ 6 ] Later, the Rune of Death sprouted from Godwyn's corpse and began to spread through the Lands Between in the form of Deathroot .  Maliketh, under the name Gurranq , resolved to track down and devour the Deathroot, [ 17 ] eventually gaining an insatiable hunger for it. [ 18 ]
Maliketh, now Gurranq, eventually came into contact with D, Hunter of the Dead . D entered Gurranq's service and assisted him in weeding Deathroot, the source of Those Who Live in Death . [ 19 ] D would later find a Tarnished , who agreed to take his place in weeding Deathroot. [ 20 ]
The Tarnished encounters Gurranq in the Bestial Sanctum in Caelid . The beast, dressed in the robes of a clergyman, gives them an eye which trembles in the presence of Deathroot, [ 21 ] and instructs them to bring him any Deathroot they find in return for bestial incantations. [ 22 ] Despite consuming all the Deathroot the Tarnished could bring him, Gurranq is not sated. Despondent, he realises that he has done all he can for the land and departs, with his hunger as his only companion. [ 23 ]
When the Tarnished arrives at the foot of the Erdtree, they find the entrance obstructed by thorns. To remove the thorns, the Tarnished and their companion, Melina , set the Erdtree ablaze at the Giant's Forge. [ 24 ] After doing so, the Tarnished finds themselves in Crumbling Farum Azula , an ancient city in the sky, where they seek the Rune of Death. [ 25 ] The Tarnished finally comes upon Gurranq, who attempts to stop them from stealing the Rune of Death from him. [ 26 ] Despite his best efforts, Gurranq struggles to overcome the Tarnished. As a last resort, he unbinds his death-imbued blade from his flesh and reveals his true identity to the Tarnished. [ 27 ] Nevertheless, Maliketh falls to the Tarnished, and with his dying breath cries out to Marika for forgiveness. [ 28 ] The Rune of Death is unbound, and enshrouds the Lands Between. However, this allows the impenetrable thorns to finally burn away, [ 29 ] allowing the Tarnished to finally gain access to the Erdtree.
Phase 1 is much like combat against Gurranq. During this phase, the Beast Clergyman will make use of his Cinquedea as well as a variety of bestial incantations. His attacks are very fast, leaving few obvious spaces for the player to attack. He may use an earthquake attack, causing area of effect damage in a small circle around him.
At half health, a cutscene will play and phase 2 will begin. Maliketh now wields his Black Blade, and all of his attacks will cause rapid health loss overtime as well as temporary reduction of maximum health. Maliketh is a fast and acrobatic fighter, relying on quick slashes, spins and leaps. He will sometimes jump up and cling to the pillars around the arena, before either jumping at the player or jumping away and firing a ranged attack.
During this phase, the Blasphemous Claw can be used to deflect Maliketh's Black Blade attack, as well as the spin attack he performs after plunging his sword into the ground. Deflecting his attacks will stun him for a few seconds, creating a window during which to attack.
The arena is a wide, circular room. It is possible to fall off the edges all around the perimeter of the room. There are several pillars around the centre of the room, which Maliketh may jump onto to perform certain attacks. These pillars can also be used to create distance between oneself and Maliketh, or to avoid his ranged attacks.
Maliketh, the Black Blade concpet art
As "Gurranq" in the Bestial Sanctum

---

area: Mohgwyn Palace
chapter: 23
name: Mohg Lord of Blood
Omen Illusion by Shoi Miyazawa
Mohg, Lord of Blood:
Mohg, Lord of Blood by Shoi Miyazawa
Welcome, honoured guest. To the birthplace of our dynasty!
- Mohg, Lord of Blood
Mohg, Lord of Blood and Mohg, the Omen is a boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . He is a Demigod and a Shardbearer who is encountered in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds and Mohgwyn Palace .
Mohg or Mohgwyn, also known as the Lord of Blood, was born of the Golden Lineage, the offspring of the first Elden Lord, Godfrey and Queen Marika , and was the twin brother of Morgott . [ 1 ] The twins were both born as accursed Omen , and as a result were confined and shackled to the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds below Leyndell . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Unlike his brother, Mohg would grow to embrace his Omen blood. Deep underground, Mohg made contact with an Outer God known as the Formless Mother . The Formless Mother ignited his accursed blood with fire, prompting him to develop powerful bloodflame magic. [ 4 ]
After Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring , Mohg escaped confinement and claimed one of the shards of the Elden Ring. During this period, he began establishing his domain from Mohgwyn Palace and recruiting followers, including his Sanguine Nobles [ 5 ] and a band of Tarnished known as the Bloody Fingers. Among these followers was Varré , a war surgeon who was able to successfully tame Mohg's accursed blood. [ 6 ]
The specific timing of Mohg assuming the title of Lord of Blood and the exact sequence of his activities relative to the Shattering are not well-documented, making the precise timeline of these events unclear.
Miquella the Unalloyed later embedded himself within his Haligtree in an attempt to shed his affliction. In this vulnerable and unguarded state, Mohg seized the opportunity to abduct him from the tree. [ 7 ] Miquella was an Empyrean , thus having the potential of ascending to godhood; Mohg intended to raise Miquella to full godhood so that he may rule at his side as consort and take the role of monarch. [ 8 ] At some point during or after the abduction, Mohg was unknowingly enchanted by Miquella. The circumstances and timeline of this enchantment remain unclear.
After abducting Miquella, Mohg hibernated with him within a cocoon and had his followers render offerings of blood, drenching its chamber in order to facilitate Miquella's awakening. [ 9 ] But no matter how much of Miquella's bloody bedchamber Mohg tried to share, he would receive no response from the young empyrean. [ 8 ]
During this time, Mohg largely escaped the notice of the Roundtable Hold , who were searching for clues as to his whereabouts. [ 10 ] Eventually, a Tarnished came to learn the location of Mohg's palace, where he had hidden alongside the stolen Miquella. When the Tarnished stumbles upon his chambers, Mohg emerges from a pool of blood, holds Miquella's hand and apologizes for leaving him, ready to confront their "guests". Despite unleashing the full power of his accursed blood, Mohg is unable to overcome the Tarnished, falling at their hands.
Following Mohg's death, his corpse was stolen and transported to the Land of Shadow where Miquella utilized it for an ancient ritual . At the Gate of Divinity , Miquella used Mohg's body as a vessel to revive the soul of Radahn , his promised consort, to honor their solemn vow.
Mohg, the Omen is encountered in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds, in a chapel beyond the Forsaken Depths Site of Grace. He must be defeated in order to access the Frenzied Flame Proscription.
Dung Eater is available as a summon for this fight, provided he has been released from his cell.
Mohg's trident attacks have long delays, and cover a wide range. He uses a number of bloodflame-based attacks, which deal blood loss as well as fire damage. Mohg's Shackle can be used to stun him for a few seconds, allowing for some additional hits.
Mohg, Lord of Blood is encountered at the end of Mohgwyn Palace. This fight plays much like the Mohg, the Omen fight, until the second phase when his moveset is expanded. He must be defeated to unlock the Shadow of the Erdtree expansion, and enter the Land of Shadow.
Phase 1 is largely the same as the fight against Mohg, the Omen. The key difference is the introduction of a countdown. When his health drops to certain levels, he will chrust his spear into the air and chant, causing a red ring to appear around the player. He will do this three times, and once his health reaches 50% he will perform Bloodboon Ritual, dealing huge amounts of damage for each ring and inflicting blood loss, while simultaneously recovering his own health. The Purifying Crystal Tear can be added to the Flask of Wondrous Physick to significantly decrease the amount of damage dealt by this move.
After performing Bloodboon Ritual and recovering much of his health, Mohg will sprout wings and his spear will be imbued with bloodflame. The majority of his attacks will spray bloodflame on the ground, leaving patches of fire that last for a long time. He also now has abilities that utilise his wings to get out of range or to cover distance easily.
Upon release, Mohg, Lord of Blood could easily be defeated by jumping into the arena from the side instead of entering through the fog wall. This would prevent his cutscene from playing, leaving him completely immobile and unable to attack. This was patched in version 1.03.3 .
Mohg carrying the slumbering Miquella

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Radagon of the Golden Order
Radagon of the Golden Order is a Boss in Elden Ring . Radagon is a tall, fractured god wielding the hammer that shattered the Elden Ring, and is found in the heart of the Erdtree . He was previously married to Rennala , but became Queen Marika's consort after Godfrey was exiled from the Lands Between. Completing Brother Corhyn & Goldmask's quest to a certain point reveals that he is the "other half" of Queen Marika. Despite being of one body, the two do not share the same will, as evident from Radagon attempting to repair the Elden Ring after Marika had shattered it. This boss is NOT optional as players must defeat him to reach the end of Elden Ring's story.
See Radagon of the Golden Order Lore
As the husband of Rennala of Caria, the red-haired Radagon studied sorcery, and as the husband of Queen Marika, he studied incantations.
Thus did the hero aspire to be complete.
This is not an optional boss
This is the first phase of a two-phase fight. After defeating Radagon, you must also defeat Elden Beast without dying in order to win the fight
Closest Site of Grace: Elden Throne
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
Radagon of the Golden Order can be found by entering the glowing wall after defeating Hoarah Loux, Warrior . [ Map Link ]
Parryable : Yes, but 3 parries are required per stance break
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken or parried
Damage: Standard , Slash , Strike , Holy
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 627 / 917 / 1374
Scarlet Rot : 627 / 917 / 1374
Frostbite : 627 / 917 / 1374
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
The Best Tips for Radagon of the Golden Order:
Use the Black Knife Tiche Ash Summons
Use Lord's Divine Fortification to greatly reduce the damage of Radagon's holy attacks. Alternatively, Divine Fortification , Haligdrake Talisman (+2, does stack with spells) or Holyproof Dried Liver help to a lesser degree. 60-70% damage negation should make most attacks survivable with 40 VIG. Focus on holy damage negation more than physical, since his melee attacks are easier to avoid.
60-70% damage negation should make most attacks survivable with 40 VIG.
Focus on holy damage negation more than physical, since his melee attacks are easier to avoid.
Particularly affected by offensive Godskin Incanatations , therefore Black Flame Blade , or other offensive Godskin incantations. He has 0 resistance to fire-based attacks and Black Flame incantations deal additional percentage-based damage over time.
Fire weapons are advisable, Magma Blade and the Blasphemous Blade are strong choices. With both weapon arts dealing high fire damage.
At the start of the fight, you can run up to Radagon and safely land one or two attacks, depending on your weapon's speed.
Radagon is vulnerable to stance damage, which can break his stance up to three times during the fight. This provides opportunities to reapply buffs, drink flasks, or deal more damage. Weapons with quick guard counters, like Dragon King's Cragblade , are effective here. Slower weapons, like Bloodhound's Fang , may struggle to capitalize on his openings. Most of his attacks have long recovery times, allowing you to use a jumping heavy attack or charged attack.
Use Godskin magic, such as Black Flame Blade , since Godskin Apostle Incantations were designed to defeat gods like Radagon.
The primary melee threat is Radagon's grab. When his arm glows, he prepares a lunging grab with a generous hitbox and limited tracking. This move can kill from full health with 50 Vigor, even with Lionel's Set and damage reduction talismans. To avoid it, start sprinting as soon as he begins his grab, or roll into him to dodge reliably.
Recommended talismans for melee users are Dragoncrest Greatshield Talisman , Haligdrake Talisman , and Green Turtle Talisman . This setup will minimize chip damage from his attacks. Radagon’s backswing can still hit you even if you roll past him, so maintain high HP and stamina to exploit his openings. The Crimson Seed Talisman will extend the effectiveness of each flask in this demanding final boss battle.
At the beginning of the fight, you can hit him with two fast- or medium-casting spells (although sometimes he parries the second), or one slow-casting spell.
When fighting Radagon at range, there are two major threats - maybe three. The first is his big ground slam. This is easily identified by him leaping into the air and hovering for a bit. Reflexes say dodge when this hits the ground but that is the last thing you want to do. It's not so much a typical Ao E attack as it is a nova. So, the attack spreads out. You want to dodge after he hits. It might take a try or two to get this one figured out. The second major one is when he charges up his hammer and slams it three times in a row for big fan-shaped explosions. Much like the first, this one has some deceptiveness built in. It is not a 100% fan that hits everywhere it lights up. It actually fires out several trails, one of which goes right towards you. This becomes super easy to dodge once you realize this because all you need to do is dodge backward (or forward) at 45-60 degree angle and he'll miss with all of them.
One note about the first slam is that it might feel like a good time to get in some damage, and it is, but don't get caught with your pants down and in a big animation. Even if he looks like he might attack a spirit or friend, he has a tendency to change targets while up in the air and gives little warning!
The third major thing to watch out for is his lightning bolt. However, this one doesn't have much in the way of trickery, but getting the timing down might take a try or two.
Once you can reliably avoid these three things the rest of it is pretty easy in terms of defense. The biggest trouble is finding the time to get the hits in. Something with a quick animation is your friend, but he is also prone to losing/switching aggro so you can hit him with something big here and there. He also seems to maintain a fairly steady tempo, so his wind-up/wind-down/recovery between attacks feels consistent and can help you get an idea for when to attack.
As for what he is weak to? Good question! Testing would be required, but he seems to take a lot of damage from most things. Glintstone Icecrag hits him really hard, and Stars of Ruin can do some work if you need a bit more range. Hitting him with Ranni's Dark Moon when he loses aggro can give you a little boost in damage going forward thanks to its magic resistance reduction. Quite frankly, he takes a lot of damage and could even be considered fairly squishy, but he has a tendency to take you out of the fight before you can capitalize - or he'll do enough damage to you that you go into the next round without as many resources as you may need. Note that Radagon will not use his ranged damage reducing move against night sorceries, making something like night comet good to bring along
One thing I did find is that Black Knife Tiche (bless her soul) is as good against him she is against most bosses. Her rot-blade or whatever nonsense she flings around can easily take 20% of his Hp by the time its Do T runs out, so she is a good one to use. She's also durable enough that she will last through both fights without issue.
With a little luck and some good timing, you can eliminate Radagon inside a minute, if not quicker, leaving you with just the follow-up fight to deal with. As a sorcerer, that one feels like a lot bigger threat!
For incantation users, Black Flame and Lightning Spear are both effective punishers. Radagon also seems to be vulnerable to the Frenzied Flame spells. Frenzied Burst is highly recommended due to it's long range. For the second phase against Elden Beast , Pest Threads (at close range) deals heavy damage to large targets such as the Beast.
Originally Radagon's lyrics were all in Latin, but the music production team decided to make them untranslatable just like in the other boss songs, as a result only few Latin words ended up in the official lyrics of the Final Battle theme. This was confirmed by Youtuber Antonius Tertius (aka redditor MAGISTER ORGANI) who contacted the singers and music producers of Elden Ring and published the lyrics and backstage information regarding the music production of the game on Youtube.
The Final Battle theme was originally named Marika, which suggests that the developers probably had sketched a Marika boss fight; this information also comes from Youtuber Antonius Tertius, the one who contacted the music producers and singers of Elden Ring.
Upon using the Law of Regression incantation on a statue in Leyndell Royal Capital , a message will appear saying "Radagon is Marika," showing the connection between the two.
The description for Marika's Hammer says that Marika shattered the Elden Ring, while Radagon attempted to fix it, suggesting that the two halves are in conflict with each other.
In the introduction to Elden Ring the two halves are shown, Marika shattering the ring and Radagon attempting to repair it.
According to Fromsoft player stats, Ragadon is the 4th most fought boss in Elden ring. With a Whopping 148 million attempts by players worldwide. - Elden Ring Stats Reveal How Many Times Players Attempted Malenia
One of the incantations of Erdtree Worship.
Greatly increases magic damage negation for the caster and nearby allies. Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
This incantation was used by the champions of the Erdtree in the First and the Second Liurnian Wars, during which the red-haired Radagon joined the heroes' ranks.
Greatsword made of light, modeled after the Elden Ring itself. Forged by King Consort Radagon to proudly symbolize the tenets of the Golden Order.
One of the legendary armaments.
Telltale signs betray that this was once the greatsword bequeathed to him by his first wife, Rennala.
A Moon Greatsword, bestowed by a Carian queen upon her spouse to honor long-standing tradition.
Ranni's sigil is a full moon, cold and leaden, and this sword is but a beam of its light.
Sewing needle made of gold. Unique item made to alter demigod attire.
One of the tools brought by Radagon when he entered into marriage with Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon, and joined the Carian line.
Mask with the mouth sewn shut with gold thread.
When Radagon married Rennala, he ordered the Carian magic preceptors to don these masks. To make it clear that all of their matters were to be kept strictly private.
A tall crown depicting the moon. Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. Increases intelligence.
When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him.
And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Radahn. Its blessing raises maximum HP, FP and Stamina.
Radahn was amongst the children of Rennala and Radagon, who became demigod stepchildren after Radagon's union with Queen Marika.
The Great Rune burns, to resist the encroachment of the scarlet rot.
A legendary talisman depicting the Elden Lord Radagon. Shortens the casting time of sorceries and incantations.
As the husband of Rennala of Caria, the red-haired Radagon studied sorcery, and as the husband of Queen Marika, he studied incantations. Thus did the hero aspire to be complete.
Remembrance of Malenia, Goddess of Rot, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Miquella and Malenia are both the children of a single god. As such they are both Empyreans, but suffered afflictions from birth. One was cursed with eternal childhood, and the other harbored rot within.
A formless sacred seal depicting the ceremonial observation of Order. Enhances Golden Fundamentalist incantations.
Fundamentalism is scholarship in all but name. Scales incantation using both intelligence and faith.
Hefty whip woven from the flame-red hair of a Fire Giant.
Every giant is red of hair, and Radagon was said to have despised his own red locks. Perhaps that was a curse of their kind.
Helm of the golden lion, with flowing red hair. Worn by General Radahn.
Radahn inherited the furious, flaming red hair of his father Radagon, and is fond of its heroic implications.
"I was born a champion's cub. Now I am the Lord of the Battlefield's lion."
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists. A gift of gratitude to the young Miquella from his father, Radagon.
Produces a golden ring of light and fires it across a wide area. Charging enhances range.
And yet, the young Miquella abandoned fundamentalism, for it could do nothing to treat Malenia's accursed rot. This was the beginning of unalloyed gold.
Stone hammer made in the lands of the Numen, outside the Lands Between. The tool with which Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring and Radagon attempted to repair it.
The hammer partially broke upon shattering the Ring, becoming splintered with rune fragments.
Sword wrought from the remains of a god who should have lived a life eternal.
Thoughts on what the weapon portends are many and varied. Some consider it the mark of a great sin, or a sign of great devastation. Some think of it as the end of an age, while others; the beginning.
Lord Radagon was a great champion, possessed of flowing red locks. He came to these lands at the head of a great golden host, when he met Lady Rennala in battle.
The First Liurnian War Radagon's glory burns red as his hair
The Second Liurnian War No victory for the golden, nor for the moon No prize but atonement; the birth of a vow
Radagon once cleansed himself with celestial dew, repented his territorial aggressions, and swore his love to Rennala.
He soon repented his territorial aggressions though, and became husband to the Carian Queen.
It is here, at the Church of Vows, that the great houses of the Erdtree and the Moon were joined. And so, our church holds in view the monuments of both houses. The Erdtree of the Capital, and the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Lunar Princess Ranni. One of the children born to King Consort Radagon and his first wife, Rennala. Demigod and sister to General Radahn and Praetor Rykard.
However, when Godfrey, first Elden Lord, was hounded from the Lands Between, Radagon left Rennala to return to the Erdtree Capital, becoming Queen Marika's second husband and King Consort, taking the title...of second Elden Lord.
The Great Rune dwells withing the amber egg that was Radagon's gift to her.
You know, it's said that Lord Radagon harboured a secret... A famed sculptor of the Erdtree Capital was once summoned to render Lord Radagon's likeness in giant stature. When he glimpsed the skeleton in Radagon's closet. And as such, it's said the great statue harbours his secret too.
Queen Marika and her King Consort Radagon were blessed with twin demigods, and Malenia was one of them.
Queen Marika is the vessel of the Elden Ring, carrier of its vision. A god, in truth. But after the Elden Ring's shattering, she was imprisoned in the Erdtree. A grim punishment for shattering the Order, despite her godhood."
O Radagon, leal hound of the Golden Order. Thou'rt yet to become me. Thou'rt yet to become a god. Let us be shattered, both. Mine other self.
- Queen Marika the Eternal
Radagon of the Golden Order is a boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . He is encountered inside the Erdtree in Leyndell, Ashen Capital , and is the first half of the final boss fight, with Elden Beast as the second half.
1 Overview 1.1 Liurnian Wars and Marriage to Queen Rennala 1.2 Marriage to Queen Marika 1.3 The Shattering
1.1 Liurnian Wars and Marriage to Queen Rennala
1.2 Marriage to Queen Marika
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Moveset 2.2 Phase 1 2.3 Phase 2 2.4 Phase 3 2.5 Environment 2.6 Strategies
Radagon first rose to prominence during the Liurnian Wars, when he joined the heroes' ranks. [ 1 ] A great champion with flowing red locks, he arrived in Liurnia at the head of a golden host, where he met Queen Rennala in battle. [ 2 ] Although two wars would be fought between them, the First Liurnian War, [ 3 ] and the Second, no victor would emerge from either. [ 4 ] Radagon eventually repented his territorial aggressions by cleansing himself with Celestial Dew , and swore his love to Rennala. [ 5 ] He became husband to the Carian Queen, [ 6 ] wedding her at the Church of Vows . [ 7 ] Rennala bequeathed him a greatsword , bestowed by a Carian queen upon her spouse to honor long-standing tradition. [ 8 ] [ 9 ] After entering into marriage with Rennala and joining the Carian line, [ 10 ] he ordered the Carian magic preceptors to don masks of confidence, to make it clear that all of their matters were to be kept strictly private. [ 11 ]
Radagon and Rennala had three children: Radahn , Rykard and Ranni . [ 12 ] While husband to Rennala, Radagon studied glintstone sorcery taught at the Academy of Raya Lucaria . [ 13 ]
After Godfrey, the First Elden Lord was stripped of grace and hounded from the Lands Between , Radagon returned to the capital where he went on to marry Queen Marika and become her King Consort and second Elden Lord. [ 14 ] Before leaving Rennala, Radagon gifted her an amber egg . [ 15 ] His departure left her heartbroken, and eventually led to her being deposed by the academy and imprisoned in the Grand Library . [ 16 ] His three children from the previous marriage would be raised to demigod status as stepchildren of Queen Marika. [ 17 ]
A sculptor from Leyndell was commissioned to create a statue of Radagon. [ 18 ] In doing so, he discovered a secret - that Radagon is Marika. This secret was hidden within the statue, and is revealed by casting Law of Regression in front of it, causing the statue's form to change from Radagon to Marika.
Radagon and Marika had a twin daughter and son: Malenia [ 19 ] and Miquella . [ 20 ] As they were born of a single god, they were both Empyreans , but were born afflicted: Malenia with rotting sickness and Miquella with eternal childhood. [ 21 ]
While married to Marika, Radagon studied incantations. [ 13 ] He is heavily associated with Golden Order Fundamentalism, a branch of the Golden Order said to be scholarship in all but name [ 22 ] , which incorporates incantations that rely on a combination of faith and intelligence. His son Miquella followed in his fundamentalist footsteps, and created several incantations as gifts for his father. [ 23 ] [ 24 ] Radagon would return the favor with his own gift of gratitude to young Miquella, however Miquella later abandoned Fundamentalism, realising that it could do nothing to treat Malenia's Rot. [ 25 ]
Following the Night of Black Knives , Marika shattered the Elden Ring , breaking the Golden Order . Radagon, on the other hand, remained loyal to the Golden Order, and attempted to repair the Elden Ring with the same hammer used to shatter it. [ 26 ] As punishment, Marika was imprisoned inside the Erdtree . [ 27 ] While Radagon had opposed Marika's treachery, he would share Marika's sentence, as the two were now bound in a single body.
When a Tarnished sets fire to the Erdtree in order to burn away the wall of thorns denying their entry, they encounter the imprisoned Marika. Suddenly released from her bonds, her hair immediately turns red as Radagon assumes control of their shared body and wields Marika's hammer to fight the Tarnished. However, Radagon is unable to defeat them and falls at their hands, with his body being subsumed by the Elden Beast to transform into a large sword [ 28 ] , as it emerges to be the Tarnished champion's final challenge.
Radagon is the first of two enemies that comprise the final boss fight of ELDEN RING (2022) , with the Elden Beast being the second. Players will have to fight Radagon again if they die to the Elden Beast.
Radagon relies on very fast hammer swings, and some of his attacks will generate shockwaves. These shockwaves will either be immediate, or will occur after a brief delay- for the latter, golden cracks will appear in the ground moments before the explosion.
At range, Radagon can throw golden spears at the player. He will either leap into the air and throw a single, giant spear, or quickly hurl five spears in a loose fan. These spears will remain in the ground for a second before exploding. He also has a grab attack which he may perform at close- or mid-range. During the grab, his left arm will glow gold and he will wind it back behind him before lunging. The shockwave generated by the grab may still cause damage even if the grab itself misses.
All of his gold attacks will inflict Holy damage.
After his health has been lowered somewhat, he will leap into the air and perform a Gold Breaker attack, creating a large area of effect shockwave. During this phase, Radagon will sometimes teleport, generating an explosion when he reappears. In addition to the golden spear attacks used in the previous phase, he may now jump up and throw a volley of spears. His stomp will also now create a shockwave that deals Holy damage.
Once his health is below half, Radagon will teleport into the middle of the arena and perform three rap

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Elden Beast
Elden Beast is a Boss in Elden Ring . Elden Beast is the true form of the Elden Ring, acting as the vassal of the Greater Will , and is found in the Elden Throne . It was sent to the Lands Between through a golden star long before the events of the game.
This boss is NOT optional, as it is the final fight of the game, appearing immediately upon defeating Radagon of the Golden Order . As with many endgame bosses, Weapons , Incantations , and Spirit Ashes capable of inflicting Black Flame are highly recommended as they deal damage over time based on the boss' maximum HP . In addition, Stamina -boosting Equipment is recommended as the boss is highly mobile and you may find yourself using a lot of Stamina chasing it down. If you die to the Elden Beast, you are required to fight Radagon again before rechallenging it. It drops the Elden Remembrance when defeated.
See Elden Beast Lore
It is said that long ago, the Greater Will sent a golden star bearing a beast into the Lands Between, which would later become the Elden Ring.
This is not an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Elden Throne
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
In patch 1.12 and on, Torrent can be summoned for this boss.
Elden Beast appears immediately upon defeating Radagon of the Golden Order . [ Map Link ]
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken
Damage: Standard , Holy
Drops 500,000, Elden Remembrance
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Scarlet Rot : Immune
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs.
The Best Tips for Elden Beast:
Use the Mimic Tear Ash summons.
If your build is Arcane-focused, the Occult enhancement gives you excellent physical damage in lieu of ailments which cannot affect this boss.
Use Lord's Divine Fortification to greatly reduce the damage of Elden Beast's many holy attacks. Alternatively, Divine Fortification , Haligdrake Talisman (+2, does stack with spells) or Holyproof Dried Liver (as 1.04, it does not stack with spells) help to a lesser degree. Lord's Divine Fortification paired with Haligdrake Talisman and light armor with high Holy resistance can give even 70% holy damage negation, which makes most attacks survivable with 40 VIG.
Lord's Divine Fortification paired with Haligdrake Talisman and light armor with high Holy resistance can give even 70% holy damage negation, which makes most attacks survivable with 40 VIG.
Use the Green Turtle Talisman to increase stamina regeneration so you can get more attacks in after chasing down Elden Beast.
Using Black Knife Tiche is recommended, even though she is quite aggressive and therefore gets a lot of damage, her Blade Of Death ability is reasonably long ranged allowing her to hit the boss at a range, and has a lot of health, making her a good distraction, and her skill's max health reduction is quite helpful.
At the beginning of the fight, run behind the beast, because it usually starts by breathing fire. This will avoid the attack and give you an opportunity to deal damage.
Elden Beast is extremely resistant to holy and moderately resistant to other elements, so stick to physical damage if possible.
Due to high HP pool, any %-based attacks like Black Flame Tornado does the job fine.
Avoid using the locking on feature when Elden Beast is close to you, this can screw up your attacks.
When the Elden Beast jumps into the air, disengage the lock-on and watch for the rings. Jump over instead of rolling through them.
Pest Threads incantation can deal a large amount of damage to the boss, especially when caster is at Beast back.
Radahn's Rain combined with Radahn's Spears can deal 2k+ damage to him per volley. Try to lock on to his body instead of head.
Try to lock on to his body instead of head.
If timed correctly the Elden Beast can be staggered before casting Elden Stars, preventing the boss from using the first guaranteed cast. This can be done by stacking stance damage against the Elden Beast before it reaches half health and repeatedly using a high stance damage weapon or weapon art when it attempts to cast. Colossal Weapons and some weapon arts such as Square Off deal high stance damage.
Upon entering the arena, you will have a few seconds to rush towards the Elden Beast before it initiates its attacks. The first attack, usually a yellow fire breath, can be avoided by running behind the Beast and striking from there. You will have time to land a few hits before it changes attacks or moves. After this, the attack patterns become random, so refer to the table on the right for specific counterattacks.
At around 70%-80% HP (this may vary), the Elden Beast will swim away and take the air. A ring will appear around you, closing in quickly. To avoid it, run and jump over the ring, then continue running to dodge the blast that follows. This attack, named the Concept of Orders on the table, will repeat when the Elden Beast's health drops to 30%-40%. This time, three rings will appear, followed by a blast. These attacks are unavoidable unless you defeat the Elden Beast very quickly or exploit glitches.
After most attacks, if dodge rolled successfully, the Elden Beast will pause for a few seconds, providing a brief window to attack. Make the most out of these opportunities before it resumes attacking.
Most of the Elden Beast 's attacks can be dodge rolled with practice, allowing you to conserve healing flasks. However, if you are not confident in your dodge rolls, it's advisable to keep your HP at or near full (80%+), especially if your health exceeds 1200-1400 HP.
The Elden Beast is immune to all status effects, so avoid using weapons that rely on status-inflicting skills. Instead, opt for high physical damage weapons like Greatswords and Colossal Swords , though other options can work as well.
Recommended Talismans include those that boost Physical and Holy damage negation, such as the Dragoncrest Greatshield Talisman or Haligdrake Talisman +2 . Other useful talismans include the Crimson Seed Talisman , Green Turtle Talisman , Winged Sword Insignia , and Erdtree's Favor +2 . Great Runes are highly recommended, with Godrick's and Radahn's being particularly useful. Morgott's Great Rune can also be beneficial but may require up to three +12 Crimson Flask charges to fully heal.
For your Flask of Wondrous Physick , use Crystal Tears that enhance physical damage negation, restore HP, boost stamina recovery, or increase attack damage. Choose according to your build, stats, skills, and preferences.
For incantation users, Pest Threads in melee deals heavy damage to large targets such as the Beast who get hit multiple times by each cast, and deals physical damage, which the boss has low resistance to. Burn, O Flame! and Ancient Dragon's Lightning Strike are also good options if cast directly under the Elden Beast's belly.
For sorcery users, Shard Spiral works wonders, as the Elden Beast's large model means that it will get hit multiple times by each cast, resulting in large amounts of damage.
The Elden Beast has 40% magic damage reduction, but only 10% physical damage reduction, so Rock Sling is also a good spell to use. Loretta's Mastery can be used when the Elden Beast flies into the air as it prepares to surround the player with a golden circle, the arrows even have a moderate (though not guaranteed) chance to break the boss's poise, which cancels the attack.
Finally, if the player can break the Elden Beast's poise, it will be vulnerable for some seconds, which is the perfect opportunity to unleash Meteorite of Astel combined with Flask of Wondrous Physick with Cerulean Hidden Tear to deal large amounts of physical damage.
The arena is covered in water, giving both the player and Elden Beast +10 Fire absorption and -10 Lightning absorption.
The Hungarian singer Anna Dinyés is the voice of the soprano the player hears in the Elden Beast theme; this was revealed by Youtuber Antonius Tertius who contacted the singers of Elden Ring.
Bug: if the Tarnished is grabbed with Divine Punishment while performing an animation that lowers his position (i.e. during casting Pest Threads), the attack will deal no damage. Grabbed target will not move upwards but instead will stay very close to the ground.
This boss was nerfed in Patch 1.04 (NG cycle variations only).
This legendary incantation is the most ancient of those that derive from the Erdtree.
Creates a stream of golden shooting stars that assail the area.
Remembrance of the Elden Beast, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
It was the vassal beast of the Greater Will and living incarnation of the concept of Order.
Sword wrought from the remains of a god who should have lived a life eternal.
Thoughts on what the weapon portends are many and varied. Some consider it the mark of a great sin, or a sign of great devastation. Some think of it as the end of an age, while others; the beginning.
Elden Beast is the final boss of ELDEN RING (2022) . It is encountered inside the Erdtree in Leyndell, Ashen Capital .
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Moveset 2.2 Strategy 2.3 Environment
Long ago, the Greater Will sent a golden star bearing a beast into the Lands Between , which would later became the Elden Ring . [ 1 ] It was the vassal beast of the Greater Will and the living incarnation of the concept of Order. [ 2 ] Marika , a Numen Empyrean , would became a goddess and the vessel of the Elden Ring [ 3 ] and would establish the Golden Order and rule over the Lands Between as the one true god. [ 4 ] However, Marika would eventually shatter the Elden Ring , leading to her imprisonment inside the Erdtree. [ 5 ]
After untold hardships, a Tarnished champion fights their way into the Erdtree where they find the shackled Marika, and face Radagon , Marika's male "other self" [ 6 ] and the reigning Elden Lord , the two of them sharing the same body. After his defeat, the Elden Beast emerges from Radagon, transforming Radagon's defeated body into a large sword [ 7 ] , and faces the Tarnished.
The Tarnished manages to triumph, and with the Elden Beast defeated, they were free to usher in a new age of their choosing .
Elden Beast is the second half of the final boss fight, with Radagon of the Golden Order as the first half. Unlike the former fight, it is possible to summon Torrent for this fight.
The Elden Beast uses a combination of physical sword attacks and golden Holy attacks. It will regularly swim away from the player, or disappear underwater before emerging, meaning that the fight often requires one to chase after the Elden Beast.
When its health reaches around 80% it will fly up into the air and create a golden ring which closes in on the player before exploding. This can be avoided by jumping over the ring as it closes in. It will also begin to use additional attacks, such as Elden Stars or Spear Showers.
At around 30% health, it will perform the Golden Ring attack again, but this time it will generate three rings that each close in on the player.
Its normal sword attacks are fairly easy to dodge, with perhaps the repeating stabs being an exception.
The Golden Rings can be jumped over to preserve your momentum and get out of them quicker, while the Spear Showers can be avoid by running while zig-zagging.
Elden Stars, if it cannot be interrupted by a stagger, is quite dangerous due to the consistent damage over time it can inflict and because it will gain speed to chase if allowed to travel with minimal turning. A way to fairly easily dodge it is to circle the Elden Beast counter-clockwise (that is, heading around it to your right before circling left to run out the duration.
The arena is a large, flat body of shallow water. Although it appears endless, the arena does have invisible walls surrounding it.
It is heavily implied that the Elden Beast was the being who imprisoned Marika inside the Erdtree based on one of its attacks where it attempts to grab the player and lift them up in the air to crucify and then pierce them with a barrage of golden spears, similar to how Marika was seen in the cutscene before the final boss battle.
The Elden Beast is internally referenced as the "Nebula Dragon" .
It resembles the dragon associated with the alchemical Rebis , paralleling Marika and Radagon. The Rebis represents a single entity split into male and female halves, later reunited as a transcendent being empowered by a dragon.
A patch released just prior to the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC made it possible to summon Torrent when fighting the Elden Beast.
Elden Beast clutching the body of Radagon, before pulling him below the water
Elden Beast manifests itself
Elden Beast swimming

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Renalla Queen of the Full Moon
Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon is a Legend Boss in Elden Ring . Though not a demigod, Rennala is one of the shardbearers who resides in the Academy of Raya Lucaria . Rennala is a powerful sorceress, head of the Carian Royal Family , and erstwhile leader of the Academy. Rennala is an optional boss, and doesn't need to be defeated in order to advance in Elden Ring. However, she is a shardbearer, and two of the five available shardbearers must be defeated before entering Leyndell, Royal Capital . In addition, she must be defeated to achieve a certain ending .
Once defeated, Rennala becomes a friendly NPC who can be used to reassign your character's stats (see the Rennala (NPC) page for more info).
See Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon Lore
Hush, little culver. I'll soon birth thee anew, a sweeting fresh and pure…
This is an optional boss, but is required to achieve a certain ending and to use Larval Tears to respec your Character.
Closest Site of Grace: Debate Parlor
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
In Phase 1, Rennala is usually surrounded by a bubble which will block all attacks and the arena is filled with Juvenile Scholars who attack the player. One of these scholars at a time will have a golden aura surrounding its head. Hit three of these glowing Juvenile Scholars to temporarily break Rennala's bubble, causing her to crash to the floor and become vulnerable to attacks.
Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon can be found after taking the elevator of the Raya Lucaria Academy . Map Link
Damage: Standard , Magic , Fire
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 326 / 424 / 714 / 1171
Scarlet Rot : 326 / 424 / 714 / 1171
Hemorrhage : 326 / 424 / 714 / 1171
Frostbite : 326 / 424 / 714 / 1171
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken
Drops 30,000 Runes, Remembrance of the Full Moon Queen , Great Rune of the Unborn
Poison : 534 / 824 / 1281
Scarlet Rot : 534 / 824 / 1281
Frostbite : 534 / 824 / 1281
Immune to critical attacks . Breaking its stance will only stun it briefly
Damage: Standard , Strike
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken or parried
Inflicts: Hemorrhage
Damage: Standard , Strike , Fire
Although Ranni the Witch intervenes to defend Rennala in Phase 2, defeating this boss will not fail Ranni's questline.
Defeating this boss will give you the option to Rebirth your character in exchange for Larval Tears . See the Rennala (NPC) page for more info.
The chest behind defeated Rennala can be opened with the Discarded Palace Key , allowing one to complete Ranni's Quest .
Enia will become available in the Roundtable Hold if Rennala is the first Great Rune boss the Tarnished has defeated.
The Best Tips for Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon:
Get around her extremely high Magic negation by: Using Rock Sling , which deals Physical damage Using a melee weapon that scales with Intelligence , such as Carian Knight's Sword or Moonveil
Using Rock Sling , which deals Physical damage
Using a melee weapon that scales with Intelligence , such as Carian Knight's Sword or Moonveil
Summon Lone Wolf Ashes in Phase 2 to stagger her repeatedly
Inflict status effects to get past Phase 1 quickly
Use Throwing Daggers in Phase 1 to hit the glowing Juvenile Scholars
Phase 1 : This phase is straightforward if you stay alert and avoid the room's hazards. Consider using a fast-attacking weapon, like Fists , to quickly hit the Juvenile Scholars, as a single hit stops them from reinforcing Rennala's bubble. Once Rennala begins to fall, switch back to your main weapon and charge a heavy attack to strike as soon as she becomes vulnerable. Continue your assault until you notice her starting to glow, signaling the need to retreat to avoid her powerful Light Explosion.
Phase 2 : Melee players have an advantage here since Rennala is vulnerable to physical damage and staggers easily. Focus on landing consecutive hits with a lighter weapon to disrupt most of her attacks without draining too much stamina. When she retreats or if you need to recover stamina, roll through her magic before re-engaging. Be wary of her summons — block or dodge them and wait for them to disappear before resuming your attack. Keep Rennala in sight, as she will continue attacking while her summons are active.
Rennala has high Magic negation, so it's best to use a melee weapon that scales with Intelligence or Faith and approach this as a melee fight. If you prefer casting spells, Rock Sling is effective due to its physical damage, but you'll also want a faster spell like Glintstone Pebble for dealing with the Juvenile Scholars in Phase 1 . Incantation users have a slight advantage since Rennala's elemental negations are only moderately high, but they should still consider Bestial Incantations for their physical damage.
In Phase 2 , maintain distance from Rennala to avoid most of her attacks by running rather than rolling. Look for openings after her attacks to charge your spells. When she summons, focus on avoiding damage and wait for the summon to dissipate before resuming your attacks.
Voice Actress: Mali Rhys Harries
Helping other people before defeating boss on your own may cause this boss fight to vanish with Rebirth option being locked on that NG cycle, as Rennala NPC does not spawn. (further testing required)
The stage of the second phase of the fight is reminiscent of  the one of Rom, the Vacuous Spider, one of the main story bosses in Bloodborne, another From Software title. The second half of the fight is not against Rennala, but against some sort of fail-safe illusion designed to protect Rennala, likely created by Ranni.
The second half of the fight is not against Rennala, but against some sort of fail-safe illusion designed to protect Rennala, likely created by Ranni.
There are currently two bugs you may encounter while fighting Rennala : The protective golden bubble may fail to spawn around Rennala when loading the area. If this happens you will not be able to damage Rennala and thus cannot progress past the first phase. You will need to re-load the area to correct it. The golden aura scholar who sustains Rennala's shield may not spawn. You will need to re-load the area to correct it.
The protective golden bubble may fail to spawn around Rennala when loading the area. If this happens you will not be able to damage Rennala and thus cannot progress past the first phase. You will need to re-load the area to correct it.
The golden aura scholar who sustains Rennala's shield may not spawn. You will need to re-load the area to correct it.
First phase can't be finished while Rennala is in bubble. If her health is downed to 1 HP due to Poison/Scarlet Rot, she will fall on ground with no protection and has to be finished there.
This boss is fairly straightforward to fight for melee users, and staggers easily in either phase of the fight. It is possible to pass Phase 1 after breaking the shield a single time, and in Phase 2 it is possible to stagger her out of spellcasting or stun-lock her with a fast weapon. On defeat as a Furled Finger Cooperator the player is rewarded 10 000 runes, making this boss a reasonably efficient way for melee users to farm runes mid-game without following the Bloody Finger Invader questline.
Spirit Ashes summoned during 2nd phase are associated with Ranni's servants: Troll - War Counselor Iji Dragon - Glintstone Dragon Adula Knight - Unknown, but likely Bloodhound Knight Darriwil Pack of wolves - Blaidd (or possibly more literally the three wolves that guard the front of Ranni's tower, or even the Lone Wolf Ashes she gives you.)
Troll - War Counselor Iji
Dragon - Glintstone Dragon Adula
Knight - Unknown, but likely Bloodhound Knight Darriwil
Pack of wolves - Blaidd (or possibly more literally the three wolves that guard the front of Ranni's tower, or even the Lone Wolf Ashes she gives you.)
This boss was likely based on cut content for Dark Souls III, relating to a boss encounter with Rosaria, Mother of Rebirth. Some similarities are shown between her and Rennala, as they both focus on rebirthing and those that become born anew often are left disfigured or grotesque, alluding to both the Juvenile Scholars and the Man-Grubs.
Bug: Despite being resistant to sleep in her first phase, sleep seems to have no effect on her, stagger including.
Rennala has a younger sister called Rellana . She is a boss introduced in the DLC Shadow of the Erdtree .
Hush, little culver.
I'll soon birth thee anew, a sweeting fresh and pure...
Come, sweetings, time to be born, anew. (Spoken when using her Scholar Tomes attack)
Come, Oath-sworn giant/dragon! (Spoken when summoning a giant or dragon during her second phase)
Second phase transition cutscene:
Have no fear, I will hold thee. Patience.
Ye will be countless born, forever and ever.
(Note: While there is more dialogue in this cutscene, it is spoken by Ranni the Witch .
Upon my name as Ranni the Witch. Mother's rich slumber shall not be disturbed by thee. Foul trespasser. Send word far and wide. Of the last Queen of Caria, Rennala of the Full Moon. And the majesty of the night she conjureth. )
Be not afeard, little culver. (Phase 1)
Thy fate lieth under my moon. (Phase 2)
Oh little Ranni, my dear daughter.
Weave thy night into being.
(Note: For Rennala's dialogue once she becomes an NPC, see Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon (NPC) )
A talisman engraved with the legend of a queen. Raises intelligence.
The young astrologer gazed at the night sky as she walked. She had always chased the stars every step of her journey. Then she met the full moon — and, in time, the astrologer became a queen .
Sorcery associated with the Carian queen.
Uses the caster as a vessel to incarnate a full moon, then sends it floating toward foes. The full moon dispels all sorcery that touches it, and temporarily reduces magic damage negation for those it strikes.
Queen Rennala encountered this enchanting moon when she was young, and later, it would bewitch the academy .
Remembrance of Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
In her youth, Rennala was a prominent champion who charmed the academy with her lunar magic, becoming its master. She also led the Glintstone Knights and established the house of Caria as royalty .
Helm of the enchanted knights that once served the Carian royal family. The enchanted knights, anointed by the Lunar Queen, were heroes of the highest honors, but fell into disarray with the decline of the royal family.
Straight sword embedded with a blue glintstone. Weapon of knights sworn to Carian royalty.
These knights' swords could serve as catalysts, letting them wield sorcerous battle skills. Despite numbering fewer than twenty, this power made them a match for even the champions of gold in battle .
A Moon Greatsword, bestowed by a Carian queen upon her spouse to honor long-standing tradition. One of the legendary armaments.
Ranni's sigil is a full moon, cold and leaden, and this sword is but a beam of its light .
Greatsword made of light, modeled after the Elden Ring itself. Forged by King Consort Radagon to proudly symbolize the tenets of the Golden Order. One of the legendary armaments. Telltale signs betray that this was once the greatsword bequeathed to him by his first wife, Rennala.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Radahn. Its blessing raises maximum HP, FP and Stamina.
Radahn was amongst the children of Rennala and Radagon, who became demigod stepchildren after Radagon's union with Queen Marika.
The Great Rune burns, to resist the encroachment of the scarlet rot .
A tall crown depicting the moon. Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. Increases intelligence. When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him. And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all.
Robe indicating the highest order of sorcerer. Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him. And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all.
Leggings indicating the highest order of sorcerer. Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him. And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all.
Bracelets indicating the highest order of sorcerer. Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him. And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all.
Robe worn by young academy scholars, the juveniles birthed anew by the amber egg of Queen Rennala, the head of Raya Lucaria Academy. Yet their rebirth is not without imperfections, and thus do they repeat the process, eventually becoming utterly dependent upon it. Rebirth is as sleep to them, and with each awakening, memory fades into oblivion.
Cap worn by young academy scholars, the juveniles birthed anew by the amber egg of Queen Rennala, the head of Raya Lucaria Academy. Yet their rebirth is not without imperfections, and thus do they repeat the process, eventually becoming utterly dependent upon it. Rebirth is as sleep to them, and with each awakening, memory fades into oblivion.
Amber egg clutched by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. Great Rune of unborn demigods.
Perfects those who have been born anew.
Children born anew by Rennala are all frail and short-lived. Imperfect beings, each and all .
The First Liurnian War Radagon's glory burns red as his hair.
The Second Liurnian War No victory for the golden, nor for the moon No prize but atonement; the birth of a vow.
Radagon once cleansed himself with celestial dew, repented his territorial aggressions, and swore his love to Rennala.
It is here, at the Church of Vows, that the great houses of the Erdtree and the Moon were joined. And so, our church holds in view the monuments of both houses. The Erdtree of the Capital, and the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
However, when Godfrey, first Elden Lord, was hounded from the Lands Between, Radagon left Rennala to return to the Erdtree Capital, becoming Queen Marika's second husband and King Consort, taking the title...of second Elden Lord.
Lunar Princess Ranni. One of the children born to King Consort Radagon and his first wife, Renalla. Demigod and sister to General Radahn and Praetor Rykard.
Rennala is the queen of the Carian royals, who govern the academy. But Rennala herself is no demigod. She is merely the recipient of an amber egg, given to her by Radagon.
Ranni (daughter) Rykard (son) Blaidd (step-son)
Foul trespasser. Send word far and wide. Of the last Queen of Caria, Rennala of the Full Moon. And the majesty of the night she conjureth.
Rennala is a boss and NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) . She is a Shardbearer who is encountered in Academy of Raya Lucaria . While this encounter is not required to advance the story, Rennala must be defeated to unlock Moonlight Altar , the ability to respec, and a certain ending .
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Moveset 2.2 Phase 1 2.3 Phase 2 2.4 Environment
3 Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon (NPC)
6 Gallery 6.1 Concept Art 6.2 Images
As a young astrologer who gazed at the night sky and always chased the stars, [ 1 ] Rennala would encounter an enchanting full moon that would one day bewitch the Academy of Raya Lucaria . [ 2 ]
In her youth, she was a prominent champion who charmed the academy with her lunar magic, becoming its master. She established the house of Caria as royalty, and also led the Glintstone Knights. [ 3 ] These Carian Knights were heroes of the highest honors, anointed by the Lunar Queen, [ 4 ] and despite numbering fewer then twenty, their power made them a match for even the champions of gold in battle. [ 5 ]
When Queen Marika the Eternal established her new Age of the Erdtree , she dispatched a champion known as Radagon to lead her armies against Liurnia of the Lakes . Radagon fought two wars against Rennala and the Academy, [ 6 ] both of which saw no clear victor. [ 7 ] Instead, Radagon repented his territorial aggressions by cleansing himself with Celestial Dew , and swore his love to Rennala. [ 8 ] They married at the Church of Vows , uniting the houses of the Erdtree and the Moon. [ 9 ] Rennala would gift Radagon with a greatsword , bestowed by a Carian queen upon her spouse to honor long-standing tradition. [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
Together, they had three children: Radahn , Rykard , and Ranni . [ 12 ] After Godfrey , the first Elden Lord , was hounded from the Lands Between , Radagon left Rennala's side to become the second husband and King Consort of Queen Marika , and received the title of second Elden Lord. [ 13 ] Queen Marika made Radagon's and Rennala's children her demigod stepchildren. [ 14 ] When Radagon departed, he gifted Rennala the amber egg containing the Great Rune of the Unborn . [ 15 ]
When Radagon left, Rennala's heart left with him. [ 16 ] Realizing their heartbroken queen was no champion at all, the Academy rebelled against the Carian Royal Family and Rennala would find herself under the assault of her own students, who would eventually lock her away in the grand library. [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] She would slowly lose her mind and ended up devoting herself to the grim art of reincarnation , clutching the amber egg left to her by Radagon. She would use it on Juvenile Scholars found around her, calling them her "sweetings", continuously rebirthing them in an imperfect process which would leave their memories fading into oblivion. [ 20 ] [ 21 ] The children born anew by Rennala were all frail and short-lived, imperfect beings, each and all. [ 22 ]
The Tarnished gains entry to the Academy of Raya Lucaria in search of the Great Rune contained within Rennala's amber egg. After fighting their way through the Academy, they encounter Rennala in the grand library, hovering in the air and clutching her egg. The tarnished fights their way through the Juvenile Scholars, halting the protective spell cast on the queen by their song. Before they can kill the Carian Queen, however, they are interrupted by the voice of Ranni, and an image of Rennala as she was long ago appears before them. The Tarnished does battle with the illusory Rennala in a moonlit sea, eventually defeating her and claiming her Great Rune. Rennala is left alive, sitting in her chair in the middle of the library, still clutching her egg.
Great Rune of The Unborn
Rennala will float around the room, encased in a golden sphere which prevents her from taking damage. She will not contribute directly to the fight very often, instead relying on the Juvenile Scholars , who will use lunges, fire breath, and telekinesis to attack the player. One of the Juvenile Scholars is singing- they can be spotted by the golden aura they emit plus the enchanted purple books they telekinetically throw at you, and will get louder as the player gets closer. If this Scholar is hit at least once (it does not need to be killed), another will start singing instead. Disrupt three singing Scholars to cause Rennala's sphere to break, dropping her to the ground and allowing the player to inflict damage; while Rennala is downed all of the Juvenile Scholars stop attacking you so you'll have a free window of opportunity to attack. After a few seconds, she will emit a golden explosion and begin floating again with her protective sphere restored. Repeat the process of hitting the singing Scholars several times for further opportunities to inflict damage on Rennala. Periodically, she will summon new scholars to replace those who have been killed.
Scholars will often hide behind the bookshelves that line the room. The gaps between bookshelves often have chandeliers above them, which will fall if the player stands beneath them or passes under them.
Through both phases Rennala is fairly resistant to magic damage, and more vulnerable to physical damage.
After reducing Rennala's health to 0, a cutscene will play. The arena will change to a large, open watery plane, and Rennala will engage the player directly, with a full health bar. She makes use of an array of ranged magical attacks, but can also use her staff to physically attack the player if they get to close. Once her health drops below 60% she will begin summoning spirits to aid her. When she summons, a wide circle will appear around her, inflicting damage. She can summon a Bloodhound Knight, three wolves, a Dragon, and a Troll, each of which will disappear after a few seconds. Rennala is much more evasive during this phase, so a

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Godrick the Grafted
Godrick the Grafted, also known as Godrick the Golden , is a Demigod Boss in Elden Ring . This Elden Ring Godrick the Grafted Guide features boss locations, tips, strategies and videos on how to defeat Godrick easily, as well as boss stats and lore for Godrick. Bosses are unique and challenging Enemies that can be encountered all over the Lands Between. Shardbearers drop their own unique Great Rune and Remembrance capable of being transformed into powerful Weapons, Spells, Ashes of War, and Talismans for the player.
Godrick is an optional boss, and doesn't need to be defeated in order to advance in Elden Ring. You can advance to Liurnia of the Lakes without defeating him by following the path north from Stormhill Shack , then dropping down to the west from the broken bridge and walking along the outside of the castle. However, Godrick is a shardbearer , and two of the five available shardbearers must be defeated before entering Leyndell, Royal Capital .
See Godrick the Grafted Lore
A lowly Tarnished, playing as a lord.
I command thee, kneel! I am the lord of all that is golden!
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Secluded Cell
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
NPC Summons : Nepheli Loux . Exhaust her dialog in her room between the Liftside Chamber and Secluded Cell Sites of Grace, and her summon sign will appear just outside the boss door
Godrick the Grafted can be found at the end of Stormveil Castle . [ Map link ]
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken
Has increased defense during phase transition
His Stormcaller attack deflects throwable items like arrows and pots.
Damage: Standard , Strike (phase 1) Standard , Fire , Strike (phase 2)
Drops 20,000, Godrick's Great Rune , Remembrance of the Grafted
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 318 / 416 / 706 / 1163
Scarlet Rot : 318 / 416 / 706 / 1163
Hemorrhage : 318 / 416 / 706 / 1163
Frostbite : 318 / 416 / 706 / 1163
Sleep : 318 / 416 / 706 / 1163
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
Defeating this boss will change the world state and progress certain quests, possibly leading to missed content:
Roderika and Rogier will move to the Roundtable Hold . This will also happen if you rest at a Site of Grace in Liurnia of the Lakes or beyond.
Nepheli Loux will move to Roundtable Hold .
Enia will become available in Roundtable Hold . This will also happen if you defeat any other Demigod.
Gatekeeper Gostoc will move to Godrick's boss room, stomping on Godrick's corpse while still acting as a merchant.
The Best Tips for Godrick the Grafted:
Be mindful of his combo attacks, and don't run in unless you see a clear opening
Use the arena to your advantage: there are many trees, pillars, and rocks that can help keep Godrick off your back. Just be careful to always return to the open center so you don't get cornered yourself.
Godrick is weaker to physical damage than elemental damage. Rock Sling is a good option for Intelligence builds, while Faith builds can use Bestial Sling
When using fist-type weapon, aim for sides of Godrick or perform jump attacks, as hitbox may not connect if hits are for the front.
Rotten Stray ashes are very good against him, as the Scarlet Rot that the dog inflicts is boosted over other rot sources such as Rotten Breath .
Bide Your Time: The safest (but slowest) strategy for Godrick is to stay outside the range of his weaponry as much as possible, and only try to get in damage when he does one of his many punishable attacks. Stormcaller is best for this: when he starts spinning up a cyclone, get close enough to tempt him into a Storm Assault, then run behind him and get in a few hits until he recovers. Axe Lunge, Jumping Slam, and the fifth attack in Fury Swings also have long recovery times that you can punish. Once you get to phase 2, you'll also be able to punish all of his fire-breathing attacks as long as you stay close enough to get to his side before you get roasted. This strategy is particularly good for heavy weapons, which can use jump attacks or charged heavy attacks to build up Stance damage and get in critical hits.
Stick Close: A riskier but quicker strategy is to stay right up next to him. This will limit how many different attacks he does, but also means you'll need to learn the precise timings to dodge or block the remainder. But once you learn those timings, you can get in hits during the frequent delays while he's winding up attacks, as well as jump attacks when he uses Lesser Command in phase 1 and I Command Thee, Kneel! in phase 2. This strategy is particularly good for weapons that inflict status effects, since it'll let you get in more frequent quick attacks.
Distraction: Summons are very useful to distract Godrick, but he hits hard so it's important to choose a summon that can survive his assault. Spirit Jellyfish Ashes is a good option due to its high defense and immunity to shockwaves. While your summons keep Godrick from rushing you down, you can attack him from afar. Once he notices you, keep backing off until your summons catch his attention again.
Circle and Strafe: Keep moving as much as you can. Try to stay towards his sides and back, out of his line of sight, and start casting or firing as he's finishing his attacks so that you can start moving again once he's back in action. Remember that running is often quicker and more stamina-efficient than rolling when evading his attacks with long windups that cover a lot of area.
Mighty Dragon, thou'rt a trueborn heir.
Lend me thy strength, o kindred.
Deliver me unto greater heights.
I command thee, kneel!
I am the lord of all that is golden!
Lowly Tarnished... Thou'rt unfit even to graft...
Ahh, truest of dragons.
Lend me thy strength…
Forefathers, one and all…
Great Godfrey, did'st thou witness?
This strength is mine! (Only in 1.00 version)
...I am Lord of all that is Golden....
...And one day, we'll return together...
...To our home, bathed in rays of gold...
Voice Actor: Ramon Tikaram
Soundtrack: Godrick the Grafted
Like in case of any boss with phases separated by cutscene, cooperators are not moved like host. Therefore it is recommended for co-op buddies to move to center of the arena during arm chopping to score few hits at the start of 2nd phase.
Cut content stated that Gostoc is the son of Godrick, and was thus an eligible ruler of Stormveil and Limgrave other than Nepheli. Another had Godrick reciting a speech about his forces returning to their home, bathed in rays of gold.
Game-wise, this boss is treated as 1 encounter instead of 2 as it is more common in case of bosses where phases are separated by cutscene. Also, phase transition seems to not reset Poison and Scarlet Rot if it is inflicted. Same goes for his Stance
Also, phase transition seems to not reset Poison and Scarlet Rot if it is inflicted.
Same goes for his Stance
Bug (very hard to trigger in co-op, impossible when solo): If players manage to synchronize riposte after stance break with non-riposte hit that triggers phase transition, transition itself can be skipped.
Godrick the Grafted is the ruler of Stormveil Castle , and is one of the first demigods and shardbearers that players can fight. He is a descendant of Godfrey and thus born of the golden lineage. He is possibly the descendant of Godwyn , due to his heritage and the fact that Mohg and Morgott were locked away Omen. Despite his golden lineage, Gideon and Kenneth Haight believe him to be weak and unworthy to rule. Much of Godrick's power comes from the arms and legs of soldiers he's grafted onto himself, and especially the dragon head grafted onto his left arm during the second phase of his fight. His knights and soldiers wear armor that bears emblems of the golden lineage: a two-headed war-axe and the beast regent, Serosh.
Enia describes Godrick as the weakest of the demigods, stating "The demigods are each and all the direct offspring of Queen Marika. Godrick the Grafted was but a distant relation... The runt of the litter, his divine blood sorely diluted."
Greataxe wielded by Godrick the Grafted. This golden battleaxe is emblazoned with the figure of a beast, representing the strength of Godfrey, First Elden Lord and patriarch of the golden lineage.
"I command thee kneel! For I am the lord of all that is golden!"
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Godrick. Its blessing raises all attributes
This Great Rune is known as the anchor ring, found in the center of the Elden Ring.
The first demigods were The Elden Lord Godfrey and his offspring, the golden lineage.
Armor worn by knights loyal to Godrick The Grafted.
Its left breast is emblazoned with a two-headed war axe, an emblem of the golden lineage. The knights surely boasted of their strength in days long gone.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two of Godrick's soldiers.
A duo of spirits, consisting of a wielder of devastating charged hammer attacks in the vanguard and a crossbowman bringing up the rear. The soldiers who serve Godrick the Grafted are what remains of the army that fled the royal capital of the Erdtree.
Golden veil of intricate design.
When Godrick was hounded from Leyndell, the Royal Capital, this was one of a multitude of treasures he took with him. Also known as "Marika's Mischief".
Remembrance of Godrick, the Grafted, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
A feeble man sought power through the grotesque act of grafting. "One day we'll return together, to our home, bathed in rays of gold."
Godrick the Golden, humiliated Having tasted defeat by the Blade of Miquella Now on his knees, begging for mercy
Armor worn by soldiers loyal to Godrick the Grafted.
The surcoat depicts the distant Erdtree and the beast regent, an emblem of the golden lineage. Both are symbols of glory now past.
The demigods are each and all the direct offspring of Queen Marika. Godrick the Grafted was but a distant relation... The runt of the litter, his divine blood sorely diluted".
Challenge Godrick the Grafted, lord of Stormveil, to acquire a Great Rune. Decrepit, he may be, but a demigod he remains. And of course, an inheritor of a Great Rune. Worse yet, I hear old Godrick's acquired a ferocious new toy to graft... So. Prepare for the worst.
What a pathetic excuse for a Lord you were. Craven to the bone. Pushing me about like that. And after all that grafting? Where did that get you? Look down on me, would you? Godrick? You filthy slug. Feel it! Feel it! Feel my bloody wrath!
Hmph, yes, now allow me to furnish you with a little advice. I would take great care to avoid Godrick's Tarnished hunts, were I in your shoes. That depraved lot are obsessed with sacrificing Tarnished like you for the sake of "grafting. Honestly, Godrick's nothing more than a jumped up country bumpkin. Lord? Don't make me laugh.
First he hid himself amongst the womenfolk to flee the capital, then hid from Radahn in that castle… Then he insulted Malenia, lost to her in battle, only to lick her boots rather than die like a man. Has he no shame, the big girl’s blouse? And to think, he’s the blood of Godfrey! Last of the golden lineage, though you almost wouldn’t know it to look at him. I almost feel sorry for the chap the more I think of it.
Upon the cliff, in Castle Stormveil, is a shardbearer. A demigod who inherited a fragment of the shattered Elden Ring.
If the rays of grace signal the castle, then the Elden Ring beckons you. As an ally by pact, ... I pray that you are fit... To face the challenge presented by the Ring.
Everyone's...been grafted. Everyone who came with me. They crossed the sea for me. They fought, for me. Heh... Only to have their arms taken. Their legs taken. Even their heads...taken. Taken and stuck to the spider. Did you know? If you're grafted by the spider, you become a chrysalid. It's quite the lark, when you think about it.
I command thee, kneel! I am the lord of all that is golden!
- Godrick the Grafted
Godrick the Grafted is a boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . He is a Demigod and a Shardbearer who is encountered in Stormveil Castle .
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Moveset 2.2 Phase 1 2.3 Phase 2 2.4 Environment
Godrick is a descendant of the Golden Lineage , the bloodline which began with Queen Marika the Eternal and her first consort Godfrey . [ 1 ] Only a distant relation of Marika's line, his divine blood was sorely diluted, and he was viewed as the runt of the litter. [ 2 ]
After the Elden Ring was shattered, Godrick inherited the Great Rune from the centre of the Elden Ring, referred to as the anchor ring. During The Shattering , Godrick was hounded from the Leyndell, Royal Capital . He claimed a multitude of treasures, including the Mimic's Veil , [ 3 ] and then hid amongst the womenfolk to flee the city. [ 4 ]
Godrick made his way south, settling in Limgrave with an army made up of soldiers who had fled Leyndell. [ 5 ] He took up residence in Stormveil Castle, using it as a refuge to hide from General Radahn , [ 6 ] and as a place to practice grafting; a grotesque act which involves attaching parts of other living beings to oneself to gain power. [ 7 ] When the Tarnished returned to the Lands Between, Godrick sent his soldiers on Tarnished hunts, seeking new subjects to graft. [ 8 ] As well as performing the act upon himself, Godrick also produced the Grafted Scions ; abhorrent beings comprised of many different limbs, seemingly grafted onto children.
When Malenia marched southward, Godrick insulted her, [ 9 ] leading to a confrontation which left Godrick beaten and humiliated, forced to grovel for mercy. [ 10 ]
Godrick idolised Godfrey, desiring for his ancestor to witness his feats. [ 11 ] He wielded an axe emblazoned with the figure of a lion, a symbol of Godfrey, [ 12 ] and furnished his army with emblems of the Golden Lineage such as axes, [ 13 ] and depictions of Serosh the Beast Regent. [ 14 ] Although he styled himself as the "lord of all that is golden", [ 15 ] he was popularly referred to as "Godrick the Grafted", [ 16 ] commanding far less respect than his forebear. He was even despised by his servants, whom he looked down on and pushed around. [ 17 ]
The Tarnished journeys to Stormveil Castle in search of Godrick's Great Rune, on the advice of White Mask Varré [ 18 ] and Melina [ 19 ] In the castle, they encounter many examples of Godrick's grafting: severed limbs hanging from the ceiling in the dining hall; a dismembered Troll hanging over a courtyard; and a pile of dismembered corpses, among whom are the remnants of Roderika's companions. [ 20 ] Eventually they find Godrick in a graveyard, speaking to a dead dragon impaled on a statue. [ 21 ] Upon noticing the Tarnished, Godrick chides them for opposing him and engages them in battle. To gain an advantage, Godrick cuts off his own hand and grafts the dragon's head to the stump, gaining the ability to spew flames. Despite this display of power, Godrick is defeated, and the Tarnished claims his Great Rune.
Later, Nepheli Loux becomes lord of Limgrave at the appointment of Kenneth Haight . [ 22 ]
Godrick's Great Rune
Nepheli Loux, Warrior is available as a summon for this fight, as long as the player has spoken to her in Stormveil Castle. Her summon sign can be found just outside the arena.
The fight begins following a cutscene. Godrick will primarily use his axe and his large left arm to deal damage, and can generate cyclones and earthquakes for area-of-effect damage.  He can roll to cover ground quickly, and has a wind-based ranged homing attack.
Once Godrick's health reaches 60%, he will stop attacking the player and chop off his own arm. This is followed by a cutscene, which transitions into phase 2. Godrick can now spew fire from the dragon's head grafted to his left arm, providing him with more ranged and area-of-effect attacks.
The arena mainly consists of a narrow, paved area without any obstacles, lined on both sides by graveyards. There is a wider section at the arena's entrance, around the steps. It is possible to move between the gravestones, however doing so may reduce the player's ability to avoid Godrick's attacks.
Godrick is an optional boss, however he drops a Great Rune, two of which are required to enter Leyndell, Royal Capital.
In cut content, Gatekeeper Gostoc claimed to be a son of Godrick, and would be an alternative option to Nepheli Loux for lordship of Stormveil Castle after Godrick's defeat, after which he would succumb to the practice of grafting as well. [ 23 ]
Godrick the Grafted, seen in the trailer

---

area: Elphael
chapter: 28
name: Loretta Knight of the Haligtree
Loretta is a recurring optional boss in ELDEN RING (2022) .
Loretta was once a royal Carian knight, [ 1 ] and served as a personal guard for Carian royalty . [ 2 ] Loretta's favored weapon was said to be the bow, and she developed sorceries imitating the power of a greatbow . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Loretta eventually became concerned with the plight of the Albinaurics and embarked on a long and bloody journey in search for a haven for the Albinauric people. She determined that the Haligtree was their best chance for eventual salvation. [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] It was rumored she was actually an Albinauric herself, due to the shape and symbolism associated with her Silver Mirrorshield . [ 8 ]
Loretta appears to have entered into Miquella 's service, replacing the blue glintstone that once adorned her war sickle with unalloyed gold . [ 2 ] Now she stands guard within the Haligtree, refusing to abandon her post despite the fact that Miquella himself is long gone. Her lapis-lazuli blue cape is the emblem of the knightly pride that continues to guide her. [ 1 ]
Royal Knight Loretta is a boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . She can be found at Caria Manor .
She appears to be an apparition of Loretta summoned to guard Caria Manor, just as the real Loretta presumably used to do before leaving her duty in order to help find sanctuary for the mistreated Albinauric . She would eventually find it at the Haligtree , in service to demigod Miquella , where she now remains.
Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree is a mini-boss in ELDEN RING (2022) found in Miquella's Haligtree and is required to progress to Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree . This boss is a stronger version of Royal Knight Loretta , found in Caria Manor .
Loretta is presumed to be an Albinauric Archer in disguise. Rumored to be an Albinauric, she cares deeply for them, abandoning her duty to travel to the Haligtree . This female character appears only on horseback and demonstrates unmatched skill with the bow. Her naming scheme aligns with Latenna . Loretta's War Sickle , Royal Knight Armor , and Silver Mirrorshield were crafted from silver. The Carians were known to employ Albinaurics as servants. Although she bleeds red when struck, so does Commander Gaius , a known First-Generation Albinauric . The red blood may be attributed to the mount and rider being coded as a single enemy, with red chosen over white because players are more likely to hit the horse or boar.
Rumored to be an Albinauric, she cares deeply for them, abandoning her duty to travel to the Haligtree .
This female character appears only on horseback and demonstrates unmatched skill with the bow.
Her naming scheme aligns with Latenna .
Loretta's War Sickle , Royal Knight Armor , and Silver Mirrorshield were crafted from silver.
The Carians were known to employ Albinaurics as servants.
Although she bleeds red when struck, so does Commander Gaius , a known First-Generation Albinauric . The red blood may be attributed to the mount and rider being coded as a single enemy, with red chosen over white because players are more likely to hit the horse or boar.
Royal Knight Loretta
Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree

---

area: Mountaintops of the Giants
chapter: 21
name: Fire Giant
Fire Giant is a Legend Boss in Elden Ring . The last known survivor of the war against the giants, this massive humanoid has a face on its chest and is found in the Mountaintops of the Giants . This is not an optional boss as players must defeat this foe in order to advance in Elden Ring.
The Fire Giant is a survivor of the War against the Giants. Upon realizing the flames of their forge would never die, Queen Marika marked him with a curse.
"O trifling giant, mayest thou tend thy flame for eternity."
This is not an optional boss as it must be defeated to unlock Crumbling Farum Azula and continue the story.
Closest Site of Grace: Foot of the Forge
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
NPC Summons : Iron Fist Alexander can be summoned to help within the boss arena. His summon sign is a short distance into the upper-elevation yellow fog gate.  Use the southerly chain bridge entrance closest to the Foot of the Forge site of grace, not the other fog gate.  Unlike other summons, Alexander’s summon sign is beyond the fog gate, not outside of it.
From the Foot of the Forge Site of Grace, head across the chasm on one of the chains to enter the boss arena. [ Map Link ]
Weak spot (Phase 1): wounded leg (+100% damage)
Weak spot (Phase 2): wrists and eye (+100% damage)
Damage: Standard , Strike , Fire
Drops 180,000, Remembrance of the Fire Giant
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 566 / 856 / 1313
Scarlet Rot : 566 / 856 / 1313
Hemorrhage : 566 / 856 / 1313
Frostbite : 1217 / 1674
Sleep : 566 / 856 / 1313
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
The Best Tips for Fire Giant:
Use the Black Knife Tiche or Mimic Tear Ashes Summons. Avoid low health group summons like the wolves, as he can cleave them down with ease
Alternatively, summon Alexander as his attacks are very powerful in terms of breaking Giant's poise.
Use the Rotten Breath/ Ekzykes's Decay Incantation
Fire giant is resistant to bleed but not immune, making weapons that inflict bleed effective - especially with Giant large healthbar. Antspur Rapier with Ash of War: Seppuku and imbued with poison will inflict poison, Scarlet Rot, and bleed, enhanced further with items such as Mushroom Crown , Lord of Blood's Exultation , and Kindred of Rot's Exultation .
During the second phase, the incantation Swarm of Flies can be used to inflict bleed during openings when the boss halts, which can be enhanced with items such as Radagon Icon , Faithful's Canvas Talisman , and Lord of Blood's Exultation .
Use Torrent to close the initial distance, using the dismount to i-frame through the giants first attack. Do not stay on Torrent in the first phase; the fire giant will constantly use swipe and jump attacks that require using I-frames to dodge, which is not possible using torrent. You can use him to safely close the distance again if needed, dismount i-framing through his attacks.
During this phase, the giant is somewhat mobile, and will roll to build distance if you get behind or below him for too long. Aim for his left leg, which is wrapped in its own hair. Once this breaks, it reveals a weak spot. He will pause for a moment when it does, so take the opportunity to get in some free damage.
Once broken, he will always roll away. He now gains 2 new attacks:
A slow moving orb, which explodes once it gets close, or after a period of time. Bait the explosion, and roll away quickly from the area, as it leaves behind a field of fire. You can use Torrent to make this easier, but be wary of doing this within range of his lid swings
The second is a simple fireball projectile launched from his hand, which is only a concern if he rolls too far away. Simply watch out for it and dodge. Its hitbox is deceptively larger than it appears.
Once the Fire Giant reaches around half health, a cutscene ensues in which his ankle breaks from the Tarnished's attacks, causing great pain to the Fire Giant. He rips the foot off his broken leg and uses it as a sacrifice to awaken a mysterious power inside him, beginning the next phase.
For the second phase of the boss, his weakspot moves to his left forearm. However, this is a very dangerous place to be so hop on torrent and stick to his backside, as most of his attacks are to the front. Be wary of the sides as he will roll to reposition. The boss can be staggered, allowing you to stab his eye for massive damage. Be cautious with this however, as he doesn't stay down for long, and being in front leaves you vulnerable. There are new additions to be concerned about here, as well as add-ons to previous attacks:
The slow tracking fire orb now spawns in pairs. Provoke the explosions and run away.
The fireball spell will now be launched twice. Get on Torrent and strafe to avoid.
Gains a new Fire Pillar attack; run far away as this attack will spawn heavily-damaging fire pillars underneath him.
Will, and launch volcanic rocks into the air. Stay on Torrent, and build distance whilst dodging.
This boss has a lot of hp, so be patient and keep an eye on your stamina and Torrent's health. Stock up on Frozen Raisins if necessary.
The tactics for ranged users are essentially the same as melee. It's recommended to stay close to the fire giant as this eliminates the launched fireball attack from consideration.
When you take on the Fire Giant as a sorcerer, it is best to have a particularly quick-casting, hard-hitting spell on hand (such as Stars of Ruin ). You're not going to have to worry about burning through all of your FP, because like fighting a troll or the giant stone sentinels, the Fire Giant is extremely vulnerable to attacks on his weak points and we're particularly good at hitting them. Thanks to this, he can, and will, fold like a wet noodle with a little work. Some things that are extremely important to take into consideration:
As with melee users, it is best to avoid using Torrent. Fire Giant deals an insanely high amount of damage with all attacks, and us sorcerers typically will not survive being hit by him. Fortunately, he is easy to dodge and his attacks are highly telegraphed.
If you have Black Knife Tiche at +6 or higher, she is definitely recommended. During phase one, Fire Giant is very mobile and has a tendency to roll away from you so you will have to close the distance. Tiche is extremely aggressive and very fast, but also good at dodging. She will almost always pull aggro when the giant rolls away from you which will allow you time to reposition and start hitting him with your spells again.
If you can stay under or even behind him in phase one this can be very useful. If you cannot, stay at least far enough back that you can always see his weird disk as that will be the best hint as to what attack he is using next.
When phase two begins you'll be sitting a lot better than you were in phase one. It might take a try or two to get used to what he has going on, but once you do you can take advantage of his new move set. For one, he becomes almost entirely stationary, and switches to a lot of ranged attacks. Some may suggest staying close to avoid his fireball, but keeping a little distance to bait out his fireball is not a bad idea as it is extremely easy to dodge. He may also use his big fire pillar Ao E attack which is basically free real estate for us as we can hit him with impunity while he uses it.
He may also use his big fire pillar Ao E attack which is basically free real estate for us as we can hit him with impunity while he uses it.
The biggest threats from him are his ice wave attack as the animation can be easily confused for one of his sweep attacks, and the slow moving fireball he uses. It will follow you around for quite a while and just serves to be a nuisance.
The Fire Giant can be quite intimidating. He's been getting a bad rep as extremely dangerous and very difficult. Go into it expecting to lose 5-10 times, and unless you get really lucky right away take the time to learn his attacks and then just dodge him and laugh at him as he struggles to deal with you and your glorious sorceries. He's far easier than he looks at first so don't fall to the hype!
For Incantation users, a lot of the advice is similar, but additionally Rotten Breath is very effective, and Pest Threads (at close range) deals heavy damage to large targets like the giant.
Voice Actor: Shaun Dooley
Fire Giant's phase transition happens when it reaches 47% health.
Alexander's summon for this fight is unique, as his sign is inside boss fight arena.
During first phase, there is an additional model of Fire Giant. This model is swapped with the first one during phase transition (sometimes at the beginning of 2nd phase player can hear the sound similar to one, which can be heard during Giant death).
During 1st phase, boss is immune to debuff caused by Blade of Death and Destined Death - skills saps his HP, but does not reduce his max HP. This is a very rare immunity in Elden Ring.
The Trolls are said to have been descendants of the Giants, and have since betrayed them during the war. Some have speculated that the gaping holes in the Troll’s midsection may have been where the Fell God resided, and have since been excised when they switched sides.
Bug: Activator for talismans like Lord of Blood's Exultation is placed around large eye on torso, therefore player is unable to use them for buff activation.
Phase 2 transition cutscene:
Superior incantation of Dragon Communion.
Channels the power of Borealis, the Freezing Fog.
Transforms caster into a dragon to spew icy breath from above. Charging extends the duration. This incantation can be cast while jumping.
The ice dragons were once lords of the mountaintops long ago, until they were defeated by the Fire Giants and chased from the peak.
One of the incantations that draws directly from the power of the Fire Giants.
Raises a series of flame pillars around the caster.
Charging further increases the number of flame pillars.
The Fire Giants borrowed from the power of a fell god, and still they were defeated. Yet their failure released them from their solitary curse: to serve as keepers of the Flame for eternity.
Incantation originating from a deeply ominous prophecy.
Sets both the caster and the surrounding area ablaze with raging flames. The caster's body will remain engulfed in flame for a while, burning them and any who draw near. Charging enhances potency.
The prophet despaired, looking up at the Erdtree, for soon the kindling would burst into flame, bringing ruin.
"The burning of the Erdtree is the first cardinal sin. That is not the domain of mere men."
Crown of Godfrey, the first Elden Lord.
The age of the Erdtree began amongst conflict, when Godfrey was lord of the battlefield.
He led the War against the Giants. Faced the Storm Lord, alone. And then, there came a moment. When his last worthy enemy fell. And it was then, as the story is told, that the hue of Lord Godfrey's eyes faded.
This legendary incantation is one of several that draws directly from the power of the Fire Giants.
Releases a ball of raging fire said to be inhabited by a fell god. The fireball floats toward enemies and explodes, setting the area ablaze.
Arghanthy, the chief guardian of the Flame, had kept this incantation a well-kept secret until it was stolen by Adan. The fell god still lurks within the Fire Giants.
Tricksome shield made from white stone depicting a malformed one-eyed god. The barrel of a firearm pokes through the open mouth.
Once worshipped by the giants, this evil deity is believed to have been slain by Queen Marika.
Remembrance of Fire Giant, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
The Fire Giant is a survivor of the War against the Giants. Upon realizing the flames of their forge would never die, Queen Marika marked him with a curse.
Stone used to smith a variety of armaments. Found in a polar region, it is semi-vitrified.
Strengthens armaments up to +21.
Thought to have been used to hone the weapons of the champions of the War against the Giants at the birth of the Erdtree.
Hefty whip woven from the flame-red hair of a Fire Giant.
Every giant is red of hair, and Radagon was said to have despised his own red locks. Perhaps that was a curse of their kind.
Hark, brave warriors. Hark, my lord Godfrey. We commend your deeds. Guidance hath delivered ye through each ordeal, to the place ye stand. Put the Giants to the sword, and confine the flame atop the mount. Let a new epoch begin. An epoch glistening with life. Brandish the Elden Ring, for the Age of the Erdtree!
But that aside, you're certainly a force to be reckoned with, eh. I doubt there's a single soul who could've handled that giant, other than you. It was practically a god... Of course I count myself, the great Alexander, among the many.
O trifling giant, mayest thou tend thy flame for eternity.
The Fire Giant is a boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . He is encountered at Flame Peak on the Mountaintops of the Giants . This encounter is not optional as it must be completed to unlock Crumbling Farum Azula and advance the main storyline.
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Moveset 2.2 Phase 1 2.3 Phase 2
In the days before the Erdtree , the Giants carved out a civilization in the inhospitable mountains to the north, after chasing away the Ice Dragons who had previously ruled it. [ 1 ] Here, they worshipped a Fell God and were bound to tend the Flame of their god for eternity. [ 2 ]
Before Queen Marika the Eternal ushered in her Age of the Erdtree , she had her then husband, Godfrey , the first Elden Lord , launch an attack against the Giants, [ 3 ] fearing that their fire might burn her Erdtree . [ 4 ]
The mighty Giants borrowed the power of their fell god, but were still defeated [ 2 ] by Godfrey [ 5 ] and his Crucible Knights , [ 6 ] with Marika allegedly striking down the fell god. [ 7 ] Only a single Fire Giant remained, and Marika cursed him to forever tend his Flame, ensuring it could not harm her Erdtree. [ 8 ] During this time, the Fire Giant crafted a leg brace for a wound on his left leg.
After untold ages of tending the flame, the Fire Giant's vigil is interrupted by a Tarnished , seeking to harness the Flame to burn the Erdtree. The Fire Giant fights to crush the champion, but the Tarnished repeatedly strikes at the Giant's legs, slicing apart his leg brace and causing the Giant's left leg to break. In immense pain, the Fire Giant tears off the foot of his broken leg, using it as a sacrifice to unleash the power of the fell god. Despite being on more even terms, the Fire Giant is eventually felled by the Tarnished.
Alexander, Warrior Jar is available as a summon for this fight, provided he has been met at Mt. Gelmir . His summon sign is just inside the boss gate.
Torrent can be used during this fight.
The arena is a large snowfield with craggy, uneven terrain. The field slops upwards from the entrance, and the Giant begins the fight at the top of the slope. Torrent can be called during this fight, and is useful for covering distance and avoiding the avalanche by jumping.
During phase 1, the Fire Giant will fight using a large, circular dish. Although he is fairly slow-moving, he is able to cover distance using his roll. He also possesses the ability to launch an avalanche straight towards the player. Initially, the majority of his attacks involve slamming the dish into the ground.
The objective initially is to attack the red braids wrapped around his left leg. After enough damage has been dealt, the braids will fall off, uncovering his injured ankle. At this point he will roll three times in succession, and then reach into the mouth on his abdomen, coating his hand in flames. He now gains the ability to use two fire-based abilities- a fast-moving fireball, and a large, slow-moving fire orb that homes in on the player.
Once his health drops below 47%, a cutscene plays and phase 2 begins. The Fire Giant has now lost the large dish as well as his left leg, and is forced to kneel on the ground. He is less mobile during this phase, however he can still roll. He now has a greater variety of fire spells. He may summon pillars of fire that erupt from the ground around him, breathe fire, or spew molten rocks that rain down on the arena. His weak spot is now on his left forearm.

---

area: Farum Azula
chapter: 22
name: Dragonlord Placidusax
Dragonlord Placidusax is a Legend Boss in Elden Ring . This massive, two-headed ancient dragon is found in Crumbling Farum Azula . He reigned as the current Elden Lord at some time before the reign of Marika and the Golden Order and presumably ruled alongside his god, who later fled. The Old Lord's Talisman suggests that Placidusax had at least two more heads that had been removed by the time the Tarnished reaches him.
This is an optional boss, as players don't need to defeat it in order to advance in Elden Ring .
See Dragonlord Placidusax Lore
The Dragonlord whose seat lies at the heart of the storm beyond time is said to have been Elden Lord in the age before the Erdtree. Once his god was fled, the lord continued to await its return.
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Beside the Great Bridge
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss (put your summon sign near the entrance of the boss arena)
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
From the Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace, turn around and take the elevator back down into the church. Go past the Beastmen and exit the church. Head straight ahead out of the church, towards the cluster of trees, and look over the edge for a platform to fall down to. Follow the path down to the end, and look for a cubby on the stone floor that doesn't have bones in it. Approach and look for the Lie down prompt. This will teleport you to Placidusax's arena. [ Map Link ]
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken
Counts as neither Dragon nor Ancient Dragon , and so does not take extra damage from dragon weapons or Dragonwound Grease .
Weak spot: Heads (very difficult to hit unless its stance is broken)
Damage: Standard , Fire , Lightning
Drops 280,000, Remembrance of the Dragonlord
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 means the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 1349 / 1806
Scarlet Rot : 1349 / 1806
Hemorrhage : 1349 / 1806
Frostbite : 1349 / 1806
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
The Best Tips for Dragonlord Placidusax:
Suggested Spirit Ashes: Black Knife Tiche , Mimic Tear
Suggested protection: Flame Protect Me , Golden Lightning Fortification , Flamedrake Talisman +2 , Boltdrake Talisman +2 , Lightningproof Dried Liver , Fireproof Dried Liver
Suggested weapons: Envoy's Long Horn , Death's Poker , Lion Greatbow A +10 Lion Greatbow with Radahn's Spears can do over 3k damage to him with the skill.
A +10 Lion Greatbow with Radahn's Spears can do over 3k damage to him with the skill.
Suggested skills: Black Flame Tornado , Blade of Death , Destined Death .
Suggested sorceries: Shard Spiral , Comet Azur , Night Maiden's Mist , Rykard's Rancor
Suggested incantations: Ancient Dragons' Lightning Strike , Black Flame , Scouring Black Flame , Black Blade , Pest Threads Pest Threads casted at point blank range can hit him multiple times and deal massive damage even on a low faith build, as long as you can get 200+ incantation scaling
Pest Threads casted at point blank range can hit him multiple times and deal massive damage even on a low faith build, as long as you can get 200+ incantation scaling
Lock-on during his teleporting part of the fight should make avoiding attacks easier
The fight starts once you approach the inner circle of pillars, buff up and summon before approaching.
Run in close to avoid the lightning strikes on the ground in the first phase. He will always cast this move at the start of the fight.
Dragonlord Placidusax 's attacks are swift and powerful, but the intervals between them provide little opportunities to strike. While his heads are his weak spot like other dragons, the chances to hit them in melee range are rare and unreliable. The safest position is near the base of his tail, close to his hind legs and behind his wings. From here, you can avoid his wing slam and tail swipe, and unlike other dragons, Placidusax has no attacks with his hind legs to worry about.
At the start of the fight, quickly close the distance to Placidusax . He will summon large Ao E lightning bolts around the arena, which don't require dodging if you're on the move. As you approach, he'll summon a second wave of these bolts; keep moving to maximize your attack time. Depending on your weapon's speed, you can safely land 1-4 hits between lightning strikes. For colossal weapon users, you'll have time for just one heavy or jump attack before needing to dodge. The move ends after three lightning strikes.
In the first phase, Placidusax uses a few basic moves that are triggered by your positioning. He has two lightning claw swipes: one horizontal and one vertical. The horizontal swipe from his left hand can be avoided by dodge rolling towards the swipe. As for the vertical swipe, it creates a lightning explosion on impact but can be dodged by rolling towards him.
Placidusax also has fire-breathing attacks. He may jump back and spray flames in front of him or in a semi-circle. The flames have limited range, so if he jumps away, you can usually wait for the flames to dissipate before closing in. He may also breathe fire down one side, depending on where you are. If you're near his hind legs, you can roll under his tail to the opposite side, avoiding the flames and gaining a significant opening to punish him.
If you are near his wings, Placidusax might slam them into the ground and push outwards, causing significant damage. If you're near his tail but too far from his body, he may whip his tail horizontally.
At 50% health, Placidusax rises into the air and disappears, signaling Phase Two. He will reappear in a dive attack from the storm clouds; a single roll towards him will be enough to avoid it. He then performs a series of quick reappearances and claw attacks. Lock onto him when he first appears, and the lock will persist, eliminating the guesswork. These claw attacks now have a follow-up swipe, requiring two dodge rolls instead of one. If you're bold, you can roll towards his front leg during the first swipe, causing the follow-up to miss and allowing for a counterattack.
In Phase Two , he can repeat the entire dive sequence, so stay alert. He can also summon lightning bolts from the first phase during this time, adding to the chaos. While the individual attacks are avoidable, the visual clutter can make it challenging to see what's going on.
Placidusax 's fire breath upgrades in the second phase, turning into fast-moving laser beams that sweep across the arena. The lasers follow a pattern: one head starts far and sweeps closer, while the other starts close and sweeps farther out. If you're far away when this begins, move to one side to minimize the number of lasers you need to dodge. If you're close, run under the lasers to gain a significant opening to attack. At the end of this move, when he shoots lasers into the sky and roars, you will have another window to attack.
Another new attack in Phase Two involves Placidusax summoning a large lightning spear, similar to the Bolt of Gransax , which creates a massive Ao E explosion. You will have plenty of time to escape the red circle before it detonates, and the audio cue of going mute is a clear signal to move. Also, in the second phase, Placidusax can still use his first phase attacks, so stay mindful of your positioning. His moves leave many windows for counterattacks, so as long as you avoid getting greedy, you should be able to defeat him without much issue.
Shard Spiral can deal tremendous damage to the boss (enough to even skip the 2nd phase if lucky). Use Godfrey Icon along with your other magic buffs. During the first phase use the spell after charging it fully and use it close to the boss so more of the spell travels through him. During the transition to the 2nd phase after reaching the middle of the boss's health bar spam the uncharged shard spiral while you are still locked on to him and he should be either dead or nearly dead. Night Maiden’s Mist can be highly effective, as it often stands still when attacking, while Tiche or some other summon draws most of his attention. Just be wary of the phase two disappearance moves, as sometimes it can be hard to tell when he's done and can catch you if you commit to a spell too early.
As for incantations, Swarm of Flies deals great damage to the boss, applying Hemorrhage pretty quickly. The first phase won't be hard as the boss mostly stays still, but in the second phase, the dragon is getting much more mobile, so casting more than 2 spells after his attacks is very dangerous. It is also highly recommended to use Bloodhound's Step to easily dodge and keep distance to use spells safely. Other notable incantations are Ancient Dragons' Lightning Strike and Pest Threads for both of which the user needs to be close to the dragonlord in order for them to deal tremendous damage. Pest Threads is more FP efficient than Ancient Dragons' Lightning Strike but requires better positioning than the other in order to deal the most damage. Ancient Dragons' Lightning Strike is able to shred the Dragonlord's HP a lot faster so it is recommended if you have high FP.
As pointed out by the youtuber Antonius Tertius, the Latin student who contacted the music producers and singers of the game, the name Placidusax is a compound of 2 Latin words: PLACIDUS(quiet,still) and SAXUM(large stone, rock); however he stresses that the lyrics are not in Latin and convey no lore at all. He published what the choir sings on Youtube and explained how the lyrics were made.
The position that Placidusax is in, with his two heads looking towards the sky, is similar to how the Two Fingers commune with the Greater Will. He may be attempting to reach and/or contact his god, who apparently fled the Lands Between. It should also be noted that unlike the Two Fingers, Placidusax's heads are crossed, reminiscent of someone crossing their fingers.
According to the Old Lord’s Talisman , he is depicted as having four heads. This is contradictory to the analysis of Placidusax's model/artwork, which reveals that he had five heads, as he has three stumps where the heads should have been. Placidusax' loss of heads was implied to be caused by Bayle the Dread , who rebelled against Placidusax and fought him to a stalemate.
This is contradictory to the analysis of Placidusax's model/artwork, which reveals that he had five heads, as he has three stumps where the heads should have been.
Placidusax' loss of heads was implied to be caused by Bayle the Dread , who rebelled against Placidusax and fought him to a stalemate.
Placidusax is said to be the previous Elden Lord before the arrival of the Erdtree.
The Ancient Dragon and Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stones are said to be the scales of the Dragonlord. Due to their unique ability to twist time, Weapons upgraded with these Smithing Stones are capable of harming and slaying gods.
Placidusax has an extra model with one of his remaining heads cut off. This was suggested that you could cut off one of them during the fight, but this was likely cut due to the heads being out of reach of melee attacks.
The Red Lightning Bolt he summons is reminiscent of the Bolt of Gransax , used by the massive ancient dragon inside the Royal Capital . Ironically, this dragon is much larger than Placidusax himself, taking up a large portion of the dungeon.
Though he has no actual idle animation while hovering before the fight, Placidusax will flinch when struck by arrows while doing so. Each wing, including the vestigial stumps of his second pair, each arm, each leg, the tail, each head, and his entire body (shot to the torso) can flinch.
The Dragon King's Cragblade , the weapon you can get from his Remembrance, is a possible reference to tail-cut weapons from Dark Souls I, where cutting off the tails of certain enemies, mainly dragons, will net you a special weapon. Placidusax's own tail appears to have been cut off as well.
Ancient Dragon Florissax, the Dragon Communion Priestess , is a worshipper of Placidusax.
Bug: Due to missing activator player neither receive buff if boss is inflicted with Status Effect nor hear a sound effect associated with it. Interestingly, he is the only enemy with such attribute
Legendary talisman of wrought iron depicting a massive ancient dragon. Enormously boosts physical damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock. And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Remembrance of Dragonlord Placidusax, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
The Dragonlord whose seat lies at the heart of the storm beyond time is said to have been Elden Lord in the age before the Erdtree. Once his god was fled, the lord continued to await its return.
A legendary talisman depicting the ancient king whose seat lies at the heart of the storm beyond time.
Extends the duration of sorceries and incantations.
It is said that the ancient royal city of Farum Azula has been slowly crumbling since time immemorial.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two Azula beastmen. Spirits of beastmen from doomed Farum Azula, the slowly crumbling ruins in the skies.
These ruins are said to be the remains of a giant mausoleum enshrining an ancient dragon, guarded by chosen beastmen who wield weapons clad in lightning.
Power gleaned form the remembrance of Dragonlord Placidusax.
Transforms caster into the Dragonlord to spew golden breath from above. This incantation can be cast while jumping.
These are the dying wails of the Dragonlord who once dwelled eternal beyond time.
Piercing Gravel Stone sword containing primeval lightning. A portion of the Dragonlord's power, gained from a remembrance.
This weapon commands great power over the paltry, mortal dragons of today.
Smithing stone made polishing a golden Gravel Stone. A scale of the Ancient Dragonlord, and hidden treasure of Farum Azula.
Strengthens armaments to +25.
The Ancient Dragonlord's seat is said to lie beyond time. This stone lightly twists time, allowing the creation of a weapon capable of slaying a god.
Favor bestowed by the Dragon Communion priestess in the name of the dragon lord Placidusax.
Consume FP to increase all forms of damage negation (including physical). This also increases damage negation while guarding as an additional effect.
Each night, the priestess offers her own sleep to her lord, and in turn receives the power of His favor.
Craftable item prepared using a capacious cracked pot. A cocktail of red fulminating materials is sealed inside.
Throw at an enemy to inflict heavy lightning damage that links to surrounding enemies.
The ancient dragons who betrayed their lord to side with a tyrant were known for wielding branching red lightning.
In a long time past, Bayle turned upon the Dragonlord. The foul traitor assailed our master and inflicted a grievous wound, only to make a hasty retreat. Becoming a sworn enemy of the brood. Since that day, Bayle and his bloodline -- the drakes -- have served as sacrifices for Dragon Communion.
- Remembrance of the Dragonlord
Dragonlord Placidusax is a boss in ELDEN RING (2022) , encountered in Crumbling Farum Azula .
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Moveset 2.2 Phase 1 2.3 Phase 2 2.4 Environment
In the prehistoric era before the age of the Erdtree , the world was ruled by the Ancient Dragons [ 1 ] . Above them all was Placidusax, a many-headed Ancient Dragon who ruled as Elden Lord [ 2 ] from the royal city of Farum Azula. [ 3 ]
At some point, Placiudsax was betrayed by one of his own; Bayle the Dread . Bayle inflicted a grievous wound upon the Dragonlord before fleeing, eventually coming to reside in the Realm of Shadow . Placidusax had his servants shephard the humans into hunting Bayle and his brood, the drakes , laying the foundations of Dragon Communion . [ 4 ]
When Placidusax's god fled, the Dragonlord resolved to await its return, withdrawing to his seat at the heart of the storm beyond time. [ 2 ] Farum Azula became a mausoleum enshrining Placidusax, guarded by chosen Beastmen . [ 5 ] In his absence, the age of the Erdtree began under the rule of Queen Marika the Eternal , and the descendants of the Ancient Dragons became enfeebled, weak to the primeval lightning wielded by their forebears. [ 6 ] [ 7 ] Placidusax's Gravel Stone Scales were disseminated throughout the world, used as smithing stones said to allow for the creation of god-slaying weapons by lightly twisting time. [ 8 ]
Despite his stasis, Placidusax continued to grant blessings to his followers. [ 9 ]
A Tarnished eventually finds their way into Placidusax's seat at the heart of the storm while exploring Farum Azula in search of the Rune of Death . They approach Placidusax, who attempts to ward off the intruder. Placidusax ultimately falls to the Tarnished interloper, dying without ever being reunited with their missing god.
Placidusax will begin the fight by summoning a storm of red lightning bolts which rain down on the arena for a few seconds. During his first phase, he will primarily use lightning claw attacks if the player is in front, a slam attack with his wings if they are to either side, and a tail sweep if they get behind him. He also has fire breath attacks which cover a large area in front of or around him. He has an area of effect attack which involves summoning a large lightning bolt and thrusting it into the ground, creating a massive explosion after a short delay. When he performs this attack, the music will briefly get quieter and red waves will emanate from where the lightning bolt hits, providing an indicator for the range of the explosion.
Placidusax now gains the ability to disappear in a cloud of fog. If he floats into the air before doing so, he will reappear in a stationary or moving thundercloud above the arena, before emerging and diving down at the player. He also gains the ability to disappear and reappear in quick succession, unleashing attacks with his lightning claws in between.
The arena is a large, circular platform with pillars dotted around the outside. These can be destroyed by Placidusax's attacks. The size of the arena gives ample room to avoid his area of effect or dodge his divebomb attacks.
Placidusax shows serious signs of damage on his body. Notably he is missing three of his five heads and second pair of wings, in spite of the Old Lord's Talisman showing just four with complete wings. [ 10 ] Their location:
Part of a dragon’s body (an arm, wing, and head) resembling Placidusax can be seen sticking out of a body of rock in Farum Azula prior to reaching his arena.
According to the Remembrance of the Dragonlord, Placidusax was an Elden Lord before the era of the Erdtree, making him the earliest known Elden Lord.
Placidusax's design is most likely modeled after King Ghidorah .

---

area: Nokron Eternal City
chapter: 8
name: Astel Naturalborn of the Void
Astel, Naturalborn of the Void is a Legend Boss in Elden Ring . This strange alien lifeform is comprised of many-colored star debris which landed in the Lands Between long ago, and is found in the Grand Cloister . Astel destroyed one of the Eternal Cities and wiped out their sky. This is an optional boss, as players don't need to defeat it in order to advance in Elden Ring . However, it must be defeated to achieve a certain ending .
Astel, Stars of Darkness is another version of this boss.
See Astel, Naturalborn of the Void Lore
A malformed star born in the lightless void far away. Once destroyed an Eternal City and took away their sky. A falling star of ill omen.
This is an optional boss, but it must be defeated to access Moonlight Altar and achieve a certain ending
Closest Site of Grace: Grand Cloister
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
From the Grand Cloister Site of Grace, head west until the path ends and carefully drop down the broken ledges to the floor below. Cross the small river of Scarlet Rot and follow it west and then south until you see a coffin. Ride the coffin to a room in front of Astel's fog gate. [ Map Link ]
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken
Damage: Standard , Magic
Drops 80,000, Remembrance of the Naturalborn
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 552 / 842 / 1299
Scarlet Rot : 552 / 842 / 1299
Hemorrhage : 552 / 842 / 1299
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
The Best Tips for Astel, Naturalborn of the Void:
It is advised you do not lock onto the boss unless you are performing an attack to give yourself more manoeuvrability.
Use the Mimic Tear Ashes or any other tanky summon that can draw the boss's attention away.
When playing a more tanky or physical build and not wanting to change, Latenna 's spirit ash is fairly cheap and will deal significant damage to Astel, as long as you keep its attention away. Ancestral Follower can also work well.
The crystalline "body" has greater defense than the hand-like limbs or head, but can be attacked while staying out of range of most attacks barring shockwaves.
Once it teleports, face your camera upwards to see if it's preparing to grab you.
At the start of the encounter it will likely fire a laser that can deal massive damage to you on the spot. Dodge through it and, if you want it, summon your Spirit Ashes . Dodge through its attacks up until you reach it and, by then, stay on its head while dodging every attack. It has a lot of Ao E skills that might one or two-shot you so stay on the safe side and slowly chip away its HP. If you summoned your Spirit Ashes - they'll often distract him which gives you plenty of opportunities to get some attacks in. Don't get hit by its bite attack. It'll be indicated by the mandibles glowing purple on its face. It is easily dodged but can deal massive damage if it connects. Around 50%, Astel will teleport away and cast Meteorite of Astel on you. Dodge through them or run towards the sides, as even one of them can break through your guard and deal heavy damage. The fight itself doesn't change as its HP goes down, so if you're doing everything right, you'll have it downed in no time.
Longbow users may use Poison or Rot Arrows to trigger either status effects. You must hit Astel several times in a row to proc the status ailment, missing too many shots will allow its poison or rot buildup to go down faster than you can build it. If you have enough HP to tank a few hits, the Pulley Crossbow can apply status effects very fast. The status effects can be reapplied again once they have worn off. The Ash of War: Enchanted Shot is highly recommended while using these arrows to ensure you are not missing and wasting them. While it is poisoned or rotting, you may continue to do ranged battle with regular arrows. You can also conserve FP by switching down to R1 attacks. With the Arrow's Reach Talisman , you can ensure these R1 attacks will land without damage loss due to distance, giving an acceptable chip damage if your Longbow is at least +12.
For magic users, A high-intelligence build can do a lot of damage in a short period of time. Using Comet Azur with a Flask of Wondrous Physick ( Cerulean Hidden Tear + Magic-Shrouding Cracked Tear ) after dodging the initial attacks is a good combination to try. After this attack, try staying at medium-long range where a sorcery like Great Glintstone Shard can hit him. If you use these types of spells, you can attack quick enough to dodge many of its attacks while still doing fairly decent damage. For lower intelligence casters, Night Maiden's Mist isn't a terrible option, although it is decently fast and can move out of it from time to time. Pairing the mist with glintstone pebble can make efficient use of your FP without needing much investment. Additionally charged Shard Spiral can deal a ton of damage provided you stay close to the boss (make sure to equip Godfrey Icon if using this strategy for 15% extra damage).
The magic seal just beyond the boss can be broken by killing the Baleful Shadow as directed by Ranni. Use the Discarded Palace Key you receive afterwards on the locked chest in the Raya Lucaria Grand Library. The seal will disappear upon your return.
The description of the Remembrance of the Naturalborn implies a connection between Astel and the Fallingstar Beast , both being creatures that fell from the stars. Astel is a fully grown Malformed Star and is responsible for destroying one of the Eternal Cities, possibly the Nameless City found in the Deeproot Depths .
An unused animation shows Astel descending from the sky while playing the sound of a roaring fire. It could've been plausible for Astel to crash-land during or after the fight with Radahn , as he had conquered the stars to prevent Astel and its spawn from arriving to the Lands Between. However, this concept never came to, and was likely reworked into Radahn's Meteor Crash attack, making them both into separate fights.
As of patch 1.03, there is a known bug that may disconnect players who are summoned in co-op fights.
Known as Astel, Misbegotten of the Void in the 1.00 version of the game.
Remembrance of Astel, Naturalborn of the Void, hewn into the Erdtree. The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
A malformed star born in the flightless void far away. Once destroyed an Eternal City and took away their sky. A falling star of ill omen.
Flail which deals magic damage, having been imbued with power by the remembrance of Astel.
Formed of the same many-colored star debris that comprised the form of the Naturalborn of the Void.
Sword fashioned from a delicate wing, suffused with the magic of the stars. Strong attack unleashes a wave of enchanted light.
Crafted from a relic of the Naturalborn of the Void who is said to have assailed the Eternal City.
One of the glintstone sorceries that manipulates gravitational forces. Summons a void that emits a hail of meteorites. Hold to continue the effect. A manifestation of the power with which Astel leveled the Eternal City.
Katana forged from meteoric ore to dispatch lifeforms born of falling stars. Deals magic damage.
The blade is weighty, known to deliver slashes of such ferocity that the impact is said to resemble the crash of a falling meteor.
One of the glintstone sorceries that manipulates gravitational forces.
Fires a gravitational projectile that pulls in enemies before finally exploding. Charging extends reach of projectile and number of inward pulls.
Said to have originated in the lightless dark far beyond—the home of the fallingstar beasts.
Astel is a reoccurring boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . For the non-boss variant, see Withered Astel .
A malformed star born in a flightless void far away, [ 1 ] composed of many-colored star debris. [ 2 ] It is said to have assailed an Eternal City, [ 3 ] [ 4 ] destroying it and taking away its sky. [ 1 ]
It has a vaguely insectoid body, comprised of multi-colored orbs that form a tail akin to a scorpion's, with translucent wings and six limbs that end in human-like hands, with the front two possessing six digits each. It has a humanoid skull with large mandibles, and a large blue eye can be seen through a crack in the front of the skull.
This is an optional boss, but is required to reach Moonlight Altar and achieve a certain ending .
This is an optional boss.
The Astels have an unused animation in which they descend from the sky like a meteor. This move is used by Starscourge Radahn .
In game version 1.00 , Astel, Naturalborn of the Void was named Astel, Misbegotten of the Void . At the time, the Misbegotten were referred to as Aberrations.
The boss arena for Astel, Naturalborn of the Void may have featured an Ancestor Spirit during development. The internal data for the room includes spawn markers for an Ancestor Spirit and the spirit animals. This might explain the presence of the rot -infused Ancestral Followers during game version 1.00 . These followers were removed in a subsequent patch and the putrid variants became Unused Content . It is also possible one of the Ancestor Spirit boss rooms was duplicated as a template.
The internal data for the room includes spawn markers for an Ancestor Spirit and the spirit animals. This might explain the presence of the rot -infused Ancestral Followers during game version 1.00 . These followers were removed in a subsequent patch and the putrid variants became Unused Content .
It is also possible one of the Ancestor Spirit boss rooms was duplicated as a template.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Margit the Fell Omen
Margit, the Fell Omen is a Great Enemy Boss in Elden Ring . This is an optional boss as players don't need to defeat him to advance in Elden Ring, though they do need to defeat Margit to advance to Stormveil Castle .
Margit, the Fell Omen is found in Stormhill when players attempt to approach Stormveil Castle . A non-boss variant can be found later again when approaching a stationary enemy slightly southwest of the Outer Wall Battleground Site of Grace in the Capital Outskirts . Margit stands in the Tarnished's way to prevent them from approaching the Elden Ring, though his motivations are only explained in a later encounter .
See Margit, the Fell Omen Lore
Someone must extinguish thy flame.
Let it be Margit the Fell!
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Castleward Tunnel
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
NPC Summons : Sorcerer Rogier can be summoned for this fight. His summon sign is right by the boss entrance
Take the path north from Stormhill Shack and turn left at the fork, curving back south up a hill full of Godrick Soldiers . You'll need to either fight your way through these soldiers or run past them to reach the Castleward Tunnel Site of Grace, which is just in front of the boss door for Margit, the Fell Omen. [ Map link ]
See also the non-boss variant in Capital Outskirts . [ More Info ] [ Map Link ]
Parryable : Yes, but 2 parries are required per stance break
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken or parried
Damage: Standard , Strike , Pierce , Holy
Drops 12,000, Talisman Pouch (NG only)
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 316 / 414 / 704 / 1161
Scarlet Rot : 316 / 414 / 704 / 1161
Hemorrhage : 316 / 414 / 704 / 1161
Frostbite : 316 / 414 / 704 / 1161
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
The Best Tips for Margit, the Fell Omen:
Purchase Margit's Shackle from Patches to bind him to the ground, temporarily stunning him. This allows you to get a few free hits. This will not work once he reaches Phase 2.
Using the Lone Wolf Ashes can help distract Margit long enough to get some easy damage in with spells or melee attacks. The Spirit Jellyfish can act as a great tanky distraction, and is available if you speak to Roderika in Stormhill .
Another good multi-summon Ashes are the Godrick Soldiers , found in the graveyard surrounded by Spirit Jellyfish in Stormhill.
Glintstone Stars works well in this fight if you can get enough distance to use them. Glintstone Pebble can work fine as well, as it is cheap and reliable.
Wait for him to do his leaping plunge attack with his hammer, and roll through it towards him to get in some easy damage. This is your best opening during this fight.
Ash of War: Barricade Shield can make this fight much easier for melee players, because it allows them to block and attack more easily, though his summoned weapons do not deal Physical Damage , so you still take chip damage.
Great boss to learn how to parry. Do note that it takes two parries to put him in a state where he can be riposted. The majority of his staff attacks are parryable, but his magic weapon attacks are not. This simplifies the fight a lot, as most of his attack sequences open with the staff.
Margit is a tough fight for melee users due to his aggressive nature and long combos with extended wind-ups, making it difficult to block all of his attacks. You will need to dodge roll most of his moves, blocking only when necessary to conserve stamina for counterattacks.
Using the Lone Wolf Ashes can help you attack alongside the wolves, allowing you to break his stance and staggering him for a critical hit. Keep up the pressure to trigger this more often.
Having high HP can help you trade hits more effectively. Margit deals both Physical and Holy damage (indicated by his yellow glowing weapon effects), so wear armor and talismans that protect against both. Avoid armor that results in a heavy roll.
Bait his attacks and only strike when you are sure that he has stopped attacking, as he can extend certain combos if you overextend. You will likely trade damage occasionally, but that's okay.
Watch out for his leaping hammer attack — dodge roll towards him and land a hit or two during his landing animation. Avoid getting greedy; you can usually only attack once without taking damage, and doing so too often will result in you running out of consumables.
Consider slotting Ash of War: Bloody Slash for its quick, long-range burst damage, though it does cost some health. You should already have this Ash of War if you have completed Kenneth Haight's questline.
The strategy for Magic and Ranged users is somewhat easier, though Shortbow users may have a harder time due to lower damage and lack of a Shield .
Margit can either be extremely aggressive or not, and there seems to be no in-between. If you can keep separation from him until he goes into a "not aggressive" phase, then you can attack him at range fairly easily for a short time, getting some free damage. Just make sure to watch out for his Blade Toss attack, so you don't get hit.
You could try using Glintstone Pebble or Glintstone Stars , as these are incredibly effective and efficient. Their cast times are in the mid-range, so be warned that you'll have to have proper spacing to use them. Additionally, it's not a bad idea to use a Shield in your off-hand to block in case of emergencies or after you cast, in case you cut it too close.
You can use the Lone Wolf Ashes to create a distraction that can allow you to range him down in less than a minute, if you play it right. Wait for the wolves to gain his attention, then unleash spell after spell, making sure to pause when you gain aggro. This gives the wolves time to acquire it once again before continuing your barrage.
Voice Actor: Anthony Howell
The reason for Margit's appearance in Stormveil is likely due to the fact that Godrick is considered the weakest demigod and would be the first target of those seeking the Great Runes.
Margit will later appear in the Capital Outskirts of Leyndell, posing as a regular Commoner . He will use the exact same moveset, along with the Phase 2 transition. He drops the Viridan Amber Medallion +1 upon defeat.
Defeating Margit’s true form will also prevent him from appearing at Stormveil Castle . He will also drop the Talisman Pouch . Oddly enough, defeating his true form will not stop the Capital Outskirts encounter from occurring.
The spectral dagger he summons for his dagger throw and slash attacks is an Erdsteel Dagger , and for his hammer attacks, he uses a Giant-Crusher . The straight sword he summons for some of his spinning combos is a Carian Knight's Sword .
Margit, being the first boss, is the 2nd most attempted boss in the game with 281 million attempts by players.
To help with your first encounter against Margit the Fell Omen, players may come back with Margit's Shackle . This item, when used during one of Margit's boss fights, causes Margit to violently slam against the floor, inflicting no damage, but stunning him for a brief moment.  This effect will also interrupt anything Margit was doing at the time. The effect of this item can only be activated twice during the boss fight and only during Margit's first phase. Attempting to use the shackle otherwise will have the player go through the animation, but will have no effect whatsoever.
This item can be purchased from Patches for 5000 Runes in Murkwater Cave . [ Map Link ] After he becomes available as a merchant. Or it can be purchased from the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold , after giving them Patches's Bell Bearing . Video Location
If players still have difficulty facing this boss, players can consider using Spirit Ashes, or wielding Weapons with the Bleed effect on it to cause great damage. Magic players can select mid ranged heavy attacks and take an aggressive approach to wear out his HP bar. Definitely take advantage of his stunned period because this is when you can land the most amount of hits without risk of damage. Immediately create some distance once the stun effect has worn off.
: Attack can be parried
In search of the Elden Ring.
Emboldened by the flame of ambition.
Defeating player: Put these foolish ambitions to rest.
At 60% health: Well, thou art of passing skill. Warrior blood must truly run in thy veins, Tarnished.
I shall remember thee, Tarnished.
Smouldering with thy meagre flame.
Cower in Fear. Of the Night.
The hands of the Fell Omen shall brook thee no quarter.
I see thee, little Tarnished.
Smouldering with thy wretched flame of ambition.
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Outer Wall Battleground
You cannot summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
From the Outer Wall Battleground Site of Grace, head south onto the battlefield. You'll see a lone Commoner standing still among the pits. When you approach this Commoner he will transform into Margit, the Fell Omen and the fight will begin. [ Map Link ]
Drops 16,800, Viridian Amber Medallion +1
Poison : 332 / 430 / 720 / 1177
Scarlet Rot : 332 / 430 / 720 / 1177
Hemorrhage : 332 / 430 / 720 / 1177
Frostbite : 332 / 430 / 720 / 1177
A cloak of ragged fur worn about the exposed body of Margit, the Fell Omen.
Having slaughtered countless champions during the Shattering, the Fell Omen has become a horror to those who harbor ambitions for the Erdtree, or for Lordship.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Morgott. Its blessing greatly raises maximum HP.
This Great Rune is the anchor ring that houses the base, and proves two things:
That the Omen King was born of the golden lineage, and that he was indeed the Lord of Leyndell.
Remembrance of Morgott, the Omen King, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Though born one of the graceless Omen, Morgott took it upon himself to become the Erdtree's protector. He loved not in return, for he was never loved, but nevertheless, love it he did.
Doll of a curseborn bairn from the Erdtree's royal line. Uses FP to unleash many wraiths that chase down foes.
Omen babies born of royalty do not have their horns excised, but instead are kept underground, unbeknownst to anyone, imprisoned for all eternity.
These memorial fetishes are fashioned in secret.
A fetish bathed in golden magic. Shackles were used to bind the accursed people called the Omen, and these ones were made to keep a particular Omen under strictest confinement. Though faint, the shackles still retain vestiges of power — enough to trap the once-bound Margit on earth, if only for a short time.
Pitch-black armor thinly painted with dried blood. Worn by the Night's Cavalry who ride funeral steeds.
The Night's Cavalry, who now wander the dim roads at night, were once led by the Fell Omen and were deliverers of death for great warriors, knights, and champions.
"Foul Tarnished, In search of the Elden Ring. Emboldened by the flame of ambition. Someone must extinguish thy flame. Let it be Margit the Fell!"
Margit the Fell Omen is a boss in ELDEN RING (2022) .
3 Boss Fight 3.1 Moveset 3.2 Phase 1 3.3 Phase 2 3.4 Environment
Margit is an Omen who gained notoriety during The Shattering , in which he slaughtered countless champions who harbored ambitions for Lordship, [ 1 ] stacking high their corpses during the Second Defense of Leyndell. [ 2 ]
He is encountered by the Tarnished at the gates of Stormveil Castle , where he makes clear his disdain towards the Tarnished, and attempts to put an end to their quest for Lordship. Although he is defeated, Margit's voice is heard as he disappears.
Later, he appears once more outside Leyndell, Royal Capital , initially in the guise of a Commoner . After being defeated by the Tarnished once more, he vanishes, leaving the corpse of the commoner behind.
After the Tarnished has made their way through Leyndell and reached the Elden Throne, Margit stands between them and the Erdtree . He repudiates the other Demigods , calling them all traitors, before revealing himself to be Morgott, the Omen King , a Demigod of the Golden Lineage, [ 3 ] who took up the responsibility of protecting the Erdtree, despite receiving no love in return. [ 4 ] He fights the Tarnished once more and, upon his defeat, he warns them that the Erdtree will reject them, as it did him. [ 5 ]
Limgrave | (Castleward Tunnel)
As the Tarnished approaches the gates of Stormveil Castle, Margit will materialize on a nearby tower and jump down the courtyard to confront his opponent. This encounter will not take place if Morgott, the Omen King is defeated beforehand.
Altus Plateau | (Outer Wall Battleground)
As the Tarnished treks through the Capital Outskirts, Margit will possess the body of a nearby Commoner to once again hunt down his enemy. This encounter does not count as a boss fight, and it is possible to run away when he appears.
Viridian Amber Medallion +1
Sorcerer Rogier is available as a summon for this fight.
Margit is quick and relentless, his powerful combos and rapid follow-ups make it hard to find a window to punish him, but there are two types of attacks that leave him open amply: overhead strikes and ground stabs.
Since both can be easily evaded by running to the right, the key to victory is learning how to bait out these moves, which is generally done by dodging away from the first part of a combo, while remaining just in range for him to keep going through with it fully.
His jumping stab can also be exploited, as he always tells this move by tossing his holy dagger twice, while the player is far way: as he finishes throwing his weapons, walk towards him and dodge through the jump attack.
Without being particularly weak to anything, he still takes some additional damage from slashing and fire attacks, and he can also be poisoned and bled, which makes the Uchigatana a particularly favorable choice against this boss.
While standard light attacks won't impact him much, an aggressive playstyle made of jump attacks, charged attacks and Ash of War will see Margit repeatedly falling on his knees, leaving him open to a critical strike.
Margit's Shackle can be used during this phase to temporarily stun him, opening him to attacks. This will not work in phase 2.
As his health drops to 60% or below, he will enter Phase 2 always executing the same hammer sweep plus jumping strike.
Even with the addition of some new moves, the bait-and-punish strategy of Phase 1 is still applicable.
While the moves made with his holy weapons cannot be parried, the majority of his regular weapon attacks are susceptible to interruption.
Margit's arena is a narrow and long pathway with chasms on each side. While the boss himself cannot fall to his death, the player must constantly reposition himself to avoid having their back against the wall or the brink.
The area is also filled with obstacles and while the weapons scattered through out can be broken by dodging into them, the wooden barricades might just get in the way of a safety roll.
One must also not overestimate the length of the arena, as Margit's gap-closing attacks are fast and cover a long distance.
Morgott, the Omen King

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Crucible Knight
Crucible Knight is a Field Boss in Elden Ring . These heavily-armored warriors take patience and practice to defeat and utilize power from the Crucible . This is an optional boss as players don't need to defeat it to advance in Elden Ring .
Other Crucible Knights appear in the Crucible Knight and Misbegotten Warrior , Tanith's Knight , Crucible Knight Ordovis , and Crucible Knight Siluria boss fights. Two Crucible Knight spirits can also be summoned by the Spirit-Caller Snail boss of the the Road's End Catacombs . In Shadow of the Erdtree , Crucible Knight Devonia can be fought in the Ancient Ruins of Ruah .
16 Crucible Knights in total can be fought throughout the Lands Between, though two of them have evidently died and can only be fought post mortem in spirit form.
See Crucible Knights Lore
Stormhill Evergaol [ More Info ] [ Map Link ]
Stormveil Castle [ More Info ]
Siofra River [ More Info ]
2 in Siofra Aqueduct [ More Info ]
2 in Leyndell, Royal Capital [ More Info ]
2 in Crumbling Farum Azula [ More Info ]
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken or parried
Damage: Standard , Strike , Pierce , Holy (Phase 2)
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Attacks are very difficult to block
Giant Hunt, Stamp Upper and Lion's Claw will stagger them Stamp Upper can dodge some of their attacks by crouching under the blade
Stamp Upper can dodge some of their attacks by crouching under the blade
Lion's Claw will grant you Super Armor to prevent you from being interrupted by their attacks, using this skill 3 times in a row will stance break them, allowing you to perform a critical hit and heal before they can get up. Super Armor does not prevent poise damage, it instead prevents all incoming hitstun (except status stuns).
Super Armor does not prevent poise damage, it instead prevents all incoming hitstun (except status stuns).
In certain areas, they can fly off a cliff and die if they use the wing swoop attack
They take 30% less damage from critical attacks.
The Best Tips for Crucible Knight:
Use Cuckoo Glintstones to hit their back when its shield is facing you.
Giant Hunt and Stamp (Upward Cut) can stagger it out of many of its moves.
For co-op, Ancient Lightning Spear ( Bolt of Gransax skill) is useful - when fully charged, it makes Crucible Knight flinch.
Jumping attacks can be a good counter to their charge attack.
Crucible Knight's attacks are slow and easy to predict, but hit very hard when they land. Take your time, don't panic, and don't go for more attacks than you have time for—trading damage is not the way to win this fight. Dodge multiple times until its combo is done, then counterattack. Don't be afraid to dodge forward through attacks, as this can put you in better position. Be particularly careful of its Seismic Wave attack, which hits a wide area but can easily be jumped and (with more difficulty) rolled.
Parrying: Because its attacks are quite easy to predict, Parrying is a great way to get in damage consistently. Most of its Phase 1 attacks are parriable and you can often parry several in a row, but be prepared to roll if you see it preparing to do a Shield Bash or Seismic Wave.
Avoid Status: Not only does Crucible Knight have high resistance to all status ailments, its aggressive attack patterns make it hard to land frequent hits. This makes status ailments a poor strategy. It's much better to use a weapon that does a high amount of raw damage than one whose power comes from building up Poison or Hemorrhage.
Heal Decisively: Crucible Knight has a tendency to do an attack when you try to heal with your flask when it isn't in an attack or recovery animation. This makes it very risky to heal even at a large distance between you and it. Heal only during recovery animations you KNOW the Crucible Knight can't get out of, such as Flying Dive and Seismic Combo.
Roll directly away from its attacks to keep your distance. Seismic Wave is the most challenging, because it's hard to reliably dodge by rolling away; you can instead jump away to avoid this, or roll to either side.
Chip Away: Although the Crucible Knight's shield will block many magic spells, it'll still take chip damage. You can whittle away its health very effectively by spamming spells if you have enough Cerulean Flasks . In addition to the chip damage through the shield, you'll be able to get some full hits in when its guard is down during an attack or recovery.
: Attack can be parried
Late-game Crucible Knight are affected by healing incantations.
Other Notes & Tips go here
Use Rock Sling (3-4 hits will break its stance)
The fight against this boss is hard but very well balanced, it makes quick heavy attacks and moves around the field very quickly. But your advantage is that it does not have a great pool of Health. When you face a spear knight with melee, try to keep close and stay behind. You can summon spirit ashes if you choose to.  Keep circling to avoid their line of sight, therefore avoiding their hit range making it easier for you to parry or roll through any attacks. This will also put you in a better position to attack.
With the knights,  it is recommended to parry their attacks rather than avoid due to their poise and stamina. At mid range, make sure to back up and roll away from these hits. If it performs a stab, block it with your shield if you brought one with you. It is possible to interrupt some of its attacks. If given a window, deal a critical hit then when they are down, follow up with a series of attacks. Their hp should deplete quickly due to their smaller health pool.
Use a combination of baiting and waiting for these windows while parrying other attacks and dodging into another position until its hp its depleted. If it comes in for a grab attack, avoid it to refrain from taking a great a mount of damage.
The Knight can be attacked from a far distance before it comes into battle. Ride your mount. Keep distance, reload and drink mana potions while keeping distance. This boss takes a lot of damage against Spells. Use your heavy handed spells and continue to circle and reposition behind it. If you want to keep a further distance, there is a roof nearby where you can position yourself where it can't reach you. You can continue to deal any kind of ranged attacks from here.
If not, be weary of its quick lunges and dashes that are quick actions. Be ready to dash back and continue to attack until its health bar is depleted.
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Stormhill Shack
Multiplayer is not allowed for this boss
You cannot summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
This Crucible Knight can be found in Stormhill Evergaol , which is the circular mark clearly visible on the map to the southeast of Stormhill Shack . [ Map Link ]
This Knight wields Ordovis's Greatsword and Crucible Hornshield . It cannot use the Fire Breath or Fire Leap attacks
Drops 2,100, Aspects of the Crucible: Tail
Poison : 517 / 807 / 1264
Scarlet Rot : 517 / 807 / 1264
Frostbite : 517 / 807 / 1264
Sleep : 517 / 807 / 1264
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
This enemy does not have a boss bar, but it will not respawn when killed
Closest Site of Grace: Rampart Tower
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
This Crucible Knight is at the top of a seaside cliff in a hidden corner of Stormveil Castle . From the Rampart Tower Site of Grace, head northwest along the ramparts until you see a small area to your left where a Warhawk comes from. Drop off this to a ledge below and follow the route until you reach a ledge overlooking the sea. This should crumble beneath your feet; if it doesn't, roll or swing your weapon to trigger it. Once you fall down, you should see the Crucible Knight. Note that there's a lift back to the Rampart Tower Site of Grace immediately after this Knight, which may be worth activating so you can return more easily if you die. This lift can also be used to instantly defeat the Cruicible Knight by luring it towards it and then either riding the lift upwards so the Knight will perform a sword lunge into the resulting bottomless pit beneath it, or sending the knight itself upwards, which will cause it to walk off the platform and die.
This Knight wields Ordovis's Greatsword and Crucible Hornshield . It cannot use the Fire Breath or Fire Breath Retreat attacks
Drops 1,613, Aspect of the Crucible: Horns
Closest Site of Grace: The Four Belfries
This Crucible Knight is only reachable from the Four Belfries . Use an Imbued Sword Key to unlock the Waygate labeled "Night Sky Unceasing" and traverse it. You'll find yourself on a tall cliff overlooking Siofra River . Make your way down the cliff and onto the stone walkway to find the Crucible Knight.
This Knight wields Ordovis's Greatsword and Crucible Hornshield . It can't use the Tail Spin or Great Tail Spin attacks
Poison : 543 / 833 / 1290
Scarlet Rot : 543 / 833 / 1290
Frostbite : 543 / 833 / 1290
Sleep : 543 / 833 / 1290
These enemies do not have boss bars, but they will not respawn when killed
Closest Site of Grace: Aqueduct-Facing Cliffs
Multiplayer is allowed for these bosses
You can summon Spirit Ashes for these bosses
Each Crucible Knight can be fought and defeated separately
The sword and shield wielding Crucible Knight can launch itself off the bridge or out of one of the pavillion windows when performing its wing-dive attack.
Sword: From the Aqueduct-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace, jump down into the circular room with open sides. The Crucible Knight paces the walkway between this room and the adjoining room.
Spear: Cross the walkway from the circular room and continue northeast. You'll see the Crucible Knight looking out over a waterfall. To reach it, walk up the stairs in front of you and turn right through the doorway.
Siofra Aqueduct contains two Knights: The one with Ordovis's Greatsword and Crucible Hornshield can't use the Tail Spin or Great Tail Spin attacks The one with Siluria's Tree can't use the Horn Impale attack
The one with Ordovis's Greatsword and Crucible Hornshield can't use the Tail Spin or Great Tail Spin attacks
The one with Siluria's Tree can't use the Horn Impale attack
Both Knights have the same stats
Drops 3,080 each, Crucible Hornshield (Sword), Somber Smithing Stone [6] (Spear)
Closest Site of Grace: Avenue Balcony , Erdtree Sanctuary
You cannot summon Spirit Ashes for these bosses
One crucible knight is in a chamber on the east side of a courtyard with a fountain, just off the main avenue. The other is down the elevator near the Erdtree Sanctuary Site of Grace.
Leyndell contains two Knights, both of which wield Siluria's Tree The one by the main avenue can't use Horn Impale The one by the Erdtree Sanctuary Site of Grace can't use Horn Shoulder
The one by the main avenue can't use Horn Impale
The one by the Erdtree Sanctuary Site of Grace can't use Horn Shoulder
Poison : 548 / 838 / 1295
Scarlet Rot : 548 / 838 / 1295
Frostbite : 548 / 838 / 1295
Sleep : 548 / 838 / 1295
Closest Sites of Grace: Dragon Temple Lift , Dragon Temple Rooftop
From the Dragon Temple Lift Site of Grace, go down the lift, turn east, and start heading down the large spiral staircase. About halfway down, drop off the side onto some floating chunks of rock. Follow these to another large building, and head straight through the hallway to a large open area with a dragon's corpse and the Crucible Knight .
From the Dragon Temple Rooftop Site of Grace, follow the main path towards the arena where the Farum Azula Dragon sits (or used to, if you've defeated it). Drop off the southeastern edge of the dragon's arena onto a series of platforms that lead down to a building that houses several Banished Knights . Make your way through the hall to a balcony and climb the ladder on the western wall. Take the lift directly in front of you, then head straight until you find the Crucible Knight locked in combat with several Azula Beastmen .
Crumbling Farum Azula contains two Knights, both wielding Ordovis's Greatsword and Crucible Hornshield . They can't use the Tail Spin or Great Tail Spin attacks
Poison : 565 / 855 / 1312
Scarlet Rot : 565 / 855 / 1312
Crucible Knight is a non-respawnable enemy in ELDEN RING (2022) .
5 Gallery 5.1 Artwork
The Crucible Knights served Godfrey, the First Elden Lord. [ 1 ] They were led by Crucible Knight Ordovis and Crucible Knight Siluria , two honored as the foremost amongst the Crucible Knights. [ 2 ] Their armor holds the power of the crucible of life. In time, their strength, even their appearance, was seen as chaotic and deserving of scorn. [ 3 ]
Siofra River Crumbling Farum Azula
Crumbling Farum Azula:
Aspects of the Crucible: Horns
Somber Smithing Stone 6
Crucible Knights led by Ordovis. Their armor adorned with the axe ornamentation that is his mark. [ 4 ] They wield a greatsword modeled after the Ordovis's Greatsword and carry a Crucible Hornshield in their off-hand. When facing a tough foe, they are capable of interweaving their attacks with Aspects of the Crucible: Breath and Aspects of the Crucible: Tail incantations.
The following moves are unique to the Crucible Axe Knight in Farum Azula and Siofra River (the one encountered by entering the portal at The Four Belfries ). It is also used by Tanith's Knight .
The following move is unique to Tanith's Knight and Crucible Knight Ordovis.
Leyndell, Royal Capital:
Crucible Knights led by Siluria. Their armor adorned with the great tree ornamentation that is her mark. [ 5 ] They wield a greatspear modeled after Siluria's Tree , which itself is modeled after the crucible of the primordial form of the Erdtree. [ 6 ] . When facing a tough foe, they are capable of interweaving their attacks with Aspects of the Crucible: Horns .
Two can be found in Stormhill .
Three can be found along the Siofra River .
Two can be found in Liurnia .
One can be found in Caelid .
One can be found on Mt. Gelmir .
Four can be found on the Altus Plateau .
Two can be found in Crumbling Farum Azula .
One can be found in the Deeproot Depths .
Crucible Knight Devonia can be found at the Ancient Ruins of Rauh .
According to the Closed Network Test description for Ordovis's Greatsword , there were 16 Crucible Knights of Godfrey. Though the description has been changed, this is still the case for the final version of the base game.
The Crucible Knights are meant to be a relic of the prehistoric era of the Crucible which came long before the Age of the Erdtree, and their names are a deliberate reminder of their ancient origins. The names of the Crucible Knights all find their roots in the naming conventions of Earth’s prehistoric periods, specifically during the Paleozoic Era: Ordovis is named after the Ordovician, which lasted from 485.4 million years ago to 443.8 million years ago. Siluria is named after the Silurian, which followed the conclusion of the Ordovician and lasted until 419.2 million years ago. Devonia is named after the Devonian period, which was about 419.2 million to 358.9 million years ago This is not a trait wholly unique to the Crucible Knights: Bloodhound Knight Floh and Bloodhound Knight Darriwil seem to be named after the Floian period and the Darriwilian period respectively, both of which are stages of the Ordovician period. Unlike the Crucible Knights, there doesn't seem to be any particular reason why they are named after these periods.
Ordovis is named after the Ordovician, which lasted from 485.4 million years ago to 443.8 million years ago.
Siluria is named after the Silurian, which followed the conclusion of the Ordovician and lasted until 419.2 million years ago.
Devonia is named after the Devonian period, which was about 419.2 million to 358.9 million years ago
This is not a trait wholly unique to the Crucible Knights: Bloodhound Knight Floh and Bloodhound Knight Darriwil seem to be named after the Floian period and the Darriwilian period respectively, both of which are stages of the Ordovician period. Unlike the Crucible Knights, there doesn't seem to be any particular reason why they are named after these periods.

---

area: Nokron Eternal City
chapter: 8
name: Valiant Gargoyle
Valiant Gargoyle is a Boss in Elden Ring . These large stone gargoyles wield various weapons and move with considerable dexterity for their size. This is an optional boss, as players don't need to defeat it in order to advance in Elden Ring .
Black Blade Kindred is another variant of this boss.
See Valiant Gargoyle Lore
The missing parts have been mended with corpse wax; a patchwork of champions.
Siofra River [ More Info ↓ ] [ Map Link ]
Capital Outskirts [ More Info ↓ ] [ Map Link ]
Leyndell, Royal Capital [ More Info ↓ ] [ Map Link ]
Leyndell, Ashen Capital [ More Info ↓ ] [ Map Link ]
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Siofra River
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken
Damage: Standard (Halberd), Standard , Slash , Holy (Greatsword), Standard , Pierce (Twinblade)
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Scarlet Rot : Immune
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs.
The Best Tips for Valiant Gargoyle:
Use the Spirit Jellyfish, Ancestral Follower, or any other ashes able to draw aggression away from you.
Use Pest Threads , as their large size means they can be hit multiple times for larger damage. Lightning Spear or Great Glintstone Shard are other ranged alternatives.
Use Incantation Flame, Cleanse Me or Cure Poison to cure yourself of poison buildup.
Melee users: Dodge roll to directly underneath/behind the gargoyle where it's attacks more seldom connect.
Melee users: Utilize a shield with Barricade Shield to tank some of the gargoyles blows.
A flask with Greenburst Crystal Tear will give better stamina recovery for blocking and dodge rolling.
If using the Mimic Tear ash summon, consider equipping yourself (and mimic) with the Kindred of Rot Talisman , which will boost attack power by 20% when poisoning occurs.
We can look at the encounter as having 3 phases: Phase 1 being a 1v1 fight against the first Gargoyle only, Phase 2 being a 1v2 against both Gargoyles, and Phase 3 being a 1v1 against the remaining Gargoyle. The goal in this encounter should be to take as little damage as possible in Phase 1, quickly burn down the low health Gargoyle in Phase 2, and then have enough Flask charges to get through Phase 3.
Prior to fighting this boss, the player may want to consider having a decently upgraded Flask, a way to cure Poison and decent damage output. If you attempt this fight with low damage, you may have problems with Phase 2, when both Gargoyles are ganging up on you. Also consider having a weapon with high range in order to hit the Gargoyles properly, this can be especially effective combined with playing with the camera unlocked. You may find that ranged summons such as the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes are good for this fight, as the Gargoyles tend to move around quite a bit and their attacks have large Ao Es, making melee summons ineffective ( needs more testing ).
Phase 1 (Sword Gargoyle)
In this phase, the goal is to simply take as little damage as possible. There is no timer, as the Twinblade Gargoyle comes into the fight when the Sword Gargoyle is around half health. Take your time to learn its attacks, most of them are relatively easy to dodge on reaction. You can be relatively aggressive in this phase if you learn the patterns, letting you get a potential stagger and consequently a critical hit coming into Phase 2. The Gargoyle will swap between its sword and halberd periodically, both of them have relatively easy to read attacks, but if you find that one of the forms is harder for you, you can always simply wait it out by dodging backwards and running away from the Gargoyle to wait for the easier phase.
It is possible to stay quite close to the Gargoyle most of the time, just watch out for the Poison Mist attack it will use at close range. If you see it coming out, you have plenty of time to simply sprint away from the Gargoyle, and you will not take any damage. You can try to get free hits on the Gargoyle while it is spawning the mist, but be careful that you do not get poisoned. The safe bet is to simply run away and wait for a different opening.
Before the Sword Gargoyle hits half health, make sure to position it around the entrance to the boss arena. This will ensure that the Twinblade Gargoyle will spawn on the other side of the arena, giving you precious time to finish off the Sword Gargoyle before the Twinblade Gargoyle is able to make its way to you.
Phase 2 (Both Gargoyles)
Depending on your weapon and level of aggression, it is possible to get a stagger on the Sword Gargoyle right as Phase 2 is coming up. This is optimal, since it will give you a large burst of damage on the Sword Gargoyle. If your weapon has a good weapon art (such as The Queen's Black Flame), you may even want to use the weapon art instead of taking the critical hit.
Regardless of whether or not you get a stagger, make sure you use your highest damage output right after the Twinblade Gargoyle spawns. The optimal scenario is to fully kill the Sword Gargoyle before the Twinblade Gargoyle makes it to your position. Do not be afraid to trade hits with the Sword Gargoyle to make this happen, just watch out to not get flanked by the Twinblade Gargoyle. This is the hardest part of the fight, so doing everything in your power to end it quickly will greatly reduce the difficulty of this encounter. Consider using any player or weapon buffs right before Phase 2 begins, simply to get the largest burst of damage (one such buff can be the damage-increasing Crystal Tears for the Flask of Wondrous Physick ).
If you don't manage to kill off the Sword Gargoyle before the Twinblade Gargoyle gets to you, don't worry, you will simply have to play a bit differently from now on. If the Sword Gargoyle is not dead, it should at least be low on health. At this point, simply kite both of them and wait for openings to get hits in on the Sword Gargoyle. Try to keep both of them on your screen, and don't be afraid to take your time. It's worth noting that only one gargoyle usually attacks at a time, and it is usually the one closest to you. Run around and try to keep the Sword Gargoyle in front of you so that it will attack and you will be able to finish it off. You only need a few more hits to take down the Sword Gargoyle, so wait for your safe openings. It is highly advisable that you play with the camera unlocked in Phase 2, if you weren't already.
Phase 3 (Twinblade Gargoyle)
In the last part of this fight, you will only face the Twinblade Gargoyle, who will periodically swap between a Twinblade and a Greataxe. Its Twinblade moveset can be rather hard to read, so don't be afraid to simply wait it out until it swaps to the Greataxe. You can survive the Twinblade phase just by rolling away from it during most of its attacks. Most of the Greataxe moveset is much easier to read, and is more similar to the Sword Gargoyle's Halberd moveset. The Twinblade Gargoyle still has some very nasty attacks that can even kill you from full health if you time your rolls incorrectly. However, the fight is no longer a race against time in this phase, so take all the time you need to safely get damage on the Twinblade Gargoyle. You can slowly take it down, using flasks that you hopefully have left from the first two phases to sustain you.
With this boss, its a good idea to choose either to keep close or at a distance. For ranged users, keep an eye out for when it switches weapons which will give you an opportunity to deal a number of attacks. The actions you want to look out for is the ranged wind charge which is when it lunges forward a great distance and can put you directly within range for more attacks so be prepared to run forward or away from the landing site. Another attack to look out for is its roar which surrounds it in a white glow. Back away from this attack to avoid damage.
Ranged attacks are especially beneficial when both gargoyles are present to try to handle them both from a distance and avoid receiving damage. Try to keep them both in view to avoid any unexpected attacks from one or the other. You don't want to be unaware while a gargoyle is spewing extra poison into the arena or be unprepared for when they perform a lunge and close the distance very quickly. Focus ono clearing the first gargoyle so you can use phase 3 to focus on the twinblade gargoyle.
Similar in appearance to the Gargoyles from Dark Souls III, except with a more fleshed out moveset and different weapons.
The Broken Statues appear to be broken-down Gargoyles.
This is an optional boss, although either it or Mohg, the Omen must be defeated to enter Deeproot Depths and achieve a certain ending
This fight features two Valiant Gargoyles. Initially you face only one with a Gargoyle' Greatsword , but once it reaches half health another will appear with a Gargoyle's Twinblade
Both Valiant Gargoyles must be defeated to win the fight
Closest Site of Grace: Aqueduct-Facing Cliffs
NPC Summons : D, Beholder of Death can be summoned for this fight if the player has given D's Twin Brother the Twinned Set . His summon sign is on the right at the top of the stairs in front of the fog gate.
From the Aqueduct-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace off the Hallowhorn Grounds , head east through a tunnel and along the ridge, then jump down onto the buttress just below the edge. Walk along the buttress until you hit a wall, then jump down again onto the platform below. Continue northeast up two sets of stairs, then go through the first door on your right and continue north along the waterlogged passageway. Head northeast out to the balcony and up the stairs to the northwest. This will lead you into a large room with a waterfall, which the first Valiant Gargoyle will jump down, beginning the fight. [ Map Link ]
Health: 5,671 HP each
Drops 30,000, Gargoyle's Greatsword , Gargoyle's Twinblade
You can use the cliff on the right side of the arena to easily kill the first Valiant Gargoyle: Line up the Gargoyle between you and the cliff, then wait for the attack where he jumps back. The Gargoyle may fall of the cliff, killing it instantly. This leaves just the second one for a relatively easy one-on-one fight. This strategy is very inconsistent though, needing good luck to get the Gargoyle lined up and have it do the correct attack.
Known bug: In coop mode, the first Valiant Gargoyle can get stuck on the cliff it descends from. It can be damaged with ranged weapons, but  the Twinblade gargoyle won't show up. The best solution is to reset the arena, but there's a chance that it'll eventually jump off the cliff somewhere on the right side:
This enemy does not have a boss bar, but it will not respawn when killed
This gargoyle wields Gargoyle's Twinblade
Closest Site of Grace: Capital Outskirts
From the Outer Wall Phantom Tree Site of Grace, head northeast up the long staircase. The Valiant Gargoyle will be waiting at the top of the stairs. [ Map Link ]
Drops 2,835, Gargoyle’s Great Axe
This gargoyle wields Gargoyle's Greatsword
Closest Site of Grace: West Capital Rampart
You cannot summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
Head south out the door from the West Capital Rampart Site of Grace and the Valiant Gargoyle will be right in front of you. [ Map Link ]
Drops 3,332, Gargoyle's Halberd
This enemy does not have a boss bar, and will respawn if killed.
Closest Site of Grace: Leyndell, Ashen Capital
In the courtyard just outside the ruined mirror of the roundtable hold. [ Map Link ]
Bronze greatsword wielded by Valiant Gargoyles.
Just like the wielder, the missing parts have been mended with corpse wax; a patchwork of champions.
Valiant Gargoyle is a non-respawnable enemy in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Bosses 2.1 Background 2.2 Strategy
A colossal winged guardian, mended with corpse wax, patchwork of champions. [ 1 ] They all fight with two weapons, one for quick, close-ranged combat and the other for slower, but more far-reaching, engagements. Some of their attacks are enhanced by techniques similar to the Storm Arts of Stormveil. Like themselves, the weapons have also been mended with corpse wax. Despite showing great discipline with their arsenal, they will use the Ash of War: Beast's Roar to destroy those who would run away from them.
A Valiant Gargoyle wielding a Gargoyle's Greatsword and Gargoyle's Halberd . With their greatsword in hand, they are capable of performing the Vacuum Slice skill from a far distance. When using their halberd, they can perform a variant of the Storm Assault skill.
A single one appears near the West Capital Rampart Site of Grace, praying in front of an Erdtree sapling alongside three other Oracle Envoys .
Leyndell, Ashen Capital
11,670 (Leyndell, Ashen Capital)
8,608 (Leyndell, Ashen Capital)
A Valiant Gargoyle wielding a Gargoyle's Great Axe and Gargoyle's Twinblade . With their Great Axe in hand, they can perform the War Cry skill and become capable of performing more devastating attacks. When using their twinblade, they can perform a variant of the Stormcaller skill.
One will descend upon the player as they move north from the Outer Wall Phantom Tree Site of Grace in the Capital Outskirts of Altus Plateau. Another can be found roaming the entrance to the Fortified Manor in Leyndell, Ashen Capital.
Can include a separate table for a specific instance of this variant's moveset.
A sickly pair of Valiant Gargoyles, one wielding a Greatsword and Halberd whilst the other wields a Great Axe and Twinblade. The latter will emerge from the waterfall when the former falls below half its health. They are unable to perform Beast's Roar , instead coughing out a poisonous mist out of their bodies. This pair guard one of the entrances to Deeproot Depths .
Since the second one only drops in from the cliffs above once the second gets low on health, it is best to draw the first Gargoyle to the entrance so that it takes a few seconds longer for them to gang up on you.
The poison breath is very hard to see and also quickly causes Physical damage, but it is only affect a conal area in front of the gargoyle so it can be avoided by quickly heading behind it running away a bit if close enough.
The Putrid Corpse Ashes are very useful for this fight, as even upgraded to just +4 they will keep the attention of the second gargoyle provided that they are summoned around at around 60% health of the first gargoyle. They are quite tanky, draw aggro very well, and will be summoned at the summoning monument instead of at your side, meaning they will be in the perfect spot to distract #2.
Be wary that the summoning zone doesn't quite cover the entire arena, and as such standing too close to the entrance of the arena may cause any summoned Ashes to disappear.
Like other golems , Valiant Gargoyles are immune to all Status Effects .
↑ Gargoyle's Greatsword

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: The Shattering
The Shattering was a key event in Elden Ring . A series of brutal conflicts in a long period of tumultuous war following Queen Marika's shattering of the Elden Ring. A war which left no clear victor, and spelled disaster for the inhabitants of the Lands Between. Its effects still ripple through the events of the main story as the Tarnished is tasked with slaying the demigods involved.
In the Lands Between ruled by Queen Marika the Eternal, the Elden Ring, the source of the Erdtree, has been shattered. Marika's offspring, demigods all, claimed the shards of the Elden Ring known as the Great Runes, and the mad taint of their newfound strength triggered a war: The Shattering. A war that meant abandonment by the Greater Will. Marika's decision to shatter the Elden Ring was premeditated, as the spoken echo at the Outer Wall Battlefield site of grace reveals she had a plan for her offspring; " hear me, Demigods. My children beloved. Make of thyselves that which ye desire. Be it a Lord. Be it a God. But should ye fail to become aught at all, ye will be forsaken. Amounting only to sacrifices ". Finger Reader Enia recounts Marika's fate after she shattered the Ring; Queen Marika is the vessel of the Elden Ring, carrier of its vision. A god, in truth. But after the Elden Ring's shattering, she was imprisoned in the Erdtree. A grim punishment for shattering the Order, despite her godhood" . Enia further describes the Shattering as " the tragic corruption of the Order has taken its toll. Across the realm, life lies in ruin. Fallen to pieces. Foul curses and misery spread, unabating" . Those that held onto Great Runes became known as the shardbearers, and include Godrick the Grafted , Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon , Starsourge Radahn , Morgott, the Veiled Monarch , Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy , Mohg Lord of Blood , Miquella the Unalloyed , and Malenia, Blade of Miquella . Lunar Princess Ranni also obtained a Great Rune, but discarded it according to Gideon Ofnir . According to Enia, " her children warred, but none could become Elden Lord ", and so grace was extended to the Tarnished so that they may be guided to the Elden Ring. Noble aristocrats of the capital abandoned their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life.
Numerous conflicts took place during the Shattering that forever impacted the land. One of which was the First Defense of Leyndell , in which a Sword Monument tells of a sovereign alliance rots from within, traces yet remain of bloody conspiracy. An honorable knight of Leyndell Kristoff earned the hero's honor of Erdtree Burial for the feat of capturing Godefroy the Grafted . The capital employed the perfumers , and in time past, the role of perfumer was much respected; a blessed apothecary in the eyes of the many. But after entering the battlefields of the Shattering they performed no such role, trading their aromatics for poisons and explosives. It is likely in this same skirmish that Godrick and his men fled from the city and took refuge in Stormveil Castle . After falling from grace, the dregs of the golden lineage sought power and purpose in the past. Less is known about the Second Defense of Leyndell, other than that Morgott, after he and his brother Mohg had been freed, defended Leyndell from Radahn in the opening cinematic. Under the name of Margit the Fell Omen , Morgott slaughtered countless champions during the Shattering. According to Thops who couldn't gain entry into Raya Lucaria ; " after they declared they wouldn't interfere with the Shattering, the academy cast repelling seals on the east gate leading to the Capital and the south gate leading here ". The academy had then given free rein to the Cuckoos to wage war as they pleased, and they were infamous for their rapacious ways. The Assault on Volcano Manor was home to the squalid, the sick, the blasphemous; a wretched, unending war with no glory. According to Gideon Ofnir; " It was the stage of the most appalling battle in the entirety of the Shattering. Rykard has commited the grave sin of blasphemy. Marking himself as an enemy, never to be forgiven ". One spirit recounts that " Lord Rykard... If this putrid field of death is what your blasphemy would bring, then I can no longer abide. No one can ".
More Sword Monuments tell of how Malenia and her cleanrot knights marched south, defeated Godrick, and made their way to Caelid . Malenia's war prosthesis symbolized her victories. Some claim to have seen wings when the weapon was raised aloft; wings of fierce determination that have never known defeat. In the final conflict of the Shattering, Malenia and Starscourge Radahn locked in a stalemate, then Malenia bloomed into a Scarlet Aeonia that devastated the battlefield. Her cleanrot knights, celebrated for their undefeated campaign in the Shattering, vowed to fight alongside Malenia, despite the inevitable, if gradual, putrefaction of their flesh. Their acceptance of their fate made these battles fiercest of all. When they were driven to defeat by Malenia's scarlet rot, the Redmane Knights burned the crest on the left breast of their armor to indicate their resolve. " Alas, dear home, I shan't see you again! For our duty is to remain here, a bulwark against the blight ". Even today, the survivors of Radahn's battalion employ fire to stave off the scarlet rot. Redmane Freyja , member of General Radahn's most distinguished knights, was stricken with a hideous scarlet wound was once hewn into the center of her face. Later, Miquella gently put his lips to it and the unfading scar became the compass that Freyja would thereafter follow. Cleanrot Knight Finlay was one of the few survivors of the Battle of Aeonia, who in an unimaginable act of heroism carried the slumbering demigod Malenia all the way back to the Haligtree. She managed the feat alone, fending off all manner of foes along the way. But when Malenia, Blade of Miquella, first let the rotflower blossom in Aeonia, Radahn heard a murmur in his ear— " Miquella awaits thee, O promised consort ".
Stone hammer made in the lands of the Numen, outside the Lands Between. The tool with which Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring and Radagon attempted to repair it.
The hammer partially broke upon shattering the Ring, becoming splintered with rune fragments.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two of Godrick's soldiers.
A duo of spirits, consisting of a wielder of devastating charged hammer attacks in the vanguard and a crossbowman bringing up the rear. The soldiers who serve Godrick the Grafted are what remains of the army that fled the royal capital of the Erdtree.
Golden veil of intricate design.
When Godrick was hounded from Leyndell, the Royal Capital, this was one of a multitude of treasures he took with him. Also known as "Marika's Mischief".
Remembrance of Morgott, the Omen King, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Though born one of the graceless Omen, Morgott took it upon himself to become the Erdtree's protector. He loved not in return, for he was never loved, but nevertheless, love it he did .
A cloak of ragged fur worn about the exposed body of Margit, the Fell Omen.
Having slaughtered countless champions during the Shattering, the Fell Omen has become a horror to those who harbor ambitions for the Erdtree, or for Lordship.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two Leyndell soldiers.
Spirits of soldiers each equipped with a spear and greatshield. The soldiers of Leyndell fight their battles defensively. During the Shattering, they were the ramparts that fortified the royal capital.
A talisman engraved with a stern likeness of Praetor Rykard, master of Volcano Manor.
Restores HP upon defeating enemies.
When Rykard turned to heresy, taking by force became the rule. The gods themselves were no different, after all.
Map of Mt. Gelmir and environs.
Mt. Gelmir, which houses the Volcano Manor at its summit, is characterized by sheer cliffs and ominous skies. These qualities only became more pronounced after the Shattering.
Remembrance of Mohg, Lord of Blood, hewn into the Erdtree.
Wishing to raise Miquella to full godhood, Mohg wished to become his consort, taking the role of monarch. But no matter how much of his bloody bedchamber he tried to share, he received no response from the young Empyrean.
Map of Caelid and environs.
Caelid, known as the locale of the last battle between General Radahn and Malenia, Blade of Miquella, is a vast land consummately marred by scarlet rot.
Armor worn by knights who fought by General Radahn's side.
When they were driven to defeat by Malenia's scarlet rot, the Redmane Knights burned the crest on the left breast of their armor to indicate their resolve.
"Alas, dear home, I shan't see you again! For our duty is to remain here, a bulwark against the blight."
Greatarrows used by General Radahn during the festival of combat. These are in fact the many spears with which he was stabbed by the Cleanrot Knights.
Imbued with Radahn's gravitational power.
Winged helm of the Cleanrot Knights, celebrated for their undefeated campaign in the Shattering.
The Cleanrot Knights vowed to fight alongside Malenia, despite the inevitable, if gradual, putrefaction of their flesh. Their acceptance of their fate made these battles fiercest of all .
Legendary ashen remains. Use to summon the spirit of the Cleanrot Knight Finlay.
Finlay was one of the few survivors of the Battle of Aeonia, who in an unimaginable act of heroism carried the slumbering demigod Malenia all the way back to the Haligtree. She managed the feat alone, fending off all manner of foes along the way.
The golden helm worn by Radahn in his younger years. Proudly displaying his heroic red hair, it is fitting attire for a lion.
When Malenia, Blade of Miquella, let the rotflower blossom in Aeonia, Radahn heard a murmur in his ear— "Miquella awaits thee, O promised consort."
Great Elden Ring, root of the Golden Order. Anchor of all lands, giver of grace, wellspring of all joy. Until it was shattered. The tragic corruption of the Order has taken its toll. Across the realm, life lies in ruin. Fallen to pieces. Foul curses and misery spread, unabating.
Queen Marika is the vessel of the Elden Ring, carrier of its vision. A god, in truth. But after the Elden Ring's shattering, she was imprisoned in the Erdtree. A grim punishment for shattering the Order, despite her godhood. The Fingers speak... Marika's trespass demanded a heavy sentence. But even in shackles, she remains a god, and the vision's vessel.
The misshapen corpse under Stormveil? That is a sacred relic. Of the black knives plot. As that famed night of assassination is known.
It happened during the Golden Age of the Erdtree, long before the shattering of the Elden Ring. Someone stole a fragment of the Rune of Death from Maliketh, the Black Blade. And on a bitter night, murdered Godwyn the Golden. That was the first recorded Death of a demigod in all history. And it became the catalyst. Soon, the Elden Ring was smashed, and thus sprang forth the war known as the Shattering.
The First Defense of Leyndell, a sovereign alliance rots from within, traces yet remain of bloody conspiracy
Godrick the Golden, humiliated, h aving tasted defeat by the Blade of Miquella, n ow on his knees, begging for mercy
The Second Defense of Leyndell, the Fell Omen stacks high the corpses of heroes yet the Erdtree remains unshaken
The Assault on Volcano Manor, the squalid, the sick, the blasphemous; a wretched, unending war with no glory
This marks Malenia's southward march, the Blade of Miquella and her Cleanrot Knights grant her wings never to be clipped
The Battle of Aeonia, Radahn and Malenia locked in stalemate, then, the scarlet rot blooms

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Elden Ring
Elden Ring Wiki Guide : Walkthrough, Multiplayer, Bosses, Secrets, Riding, Skills and more for Elden Ring! The latest From Software RPG in collaboration with George. R.R. Martin!
CHECK OUT THE NIGHTREIGN WIKI!
ELDEN RING FILM: EVERYTHING SO FAR!
Nightreign Standalone Co-op Spin-off is announced!
Observations From Nightreign Network Test
Nightfarer (Classes) DEEP DIVE
Read: Bandai Namco Unveils Elden Ring Nightreign
Shadow Lands Walkthrough
Shadow of the Erdtree Map
About Elden Ring ♦ About Neightreign ♦ Patch Notes ♦ DLC ♦ Shadow of the Erdtree ♦ Controls ♦ Combat ♦ Mount ♦ Secrets ♦ Elden Ring Tarnished Edition ♦ Elden Ring Movie
Classes ♦ Keepsakes ♦ Stats ♦ Status Effects ♦ Buffs & Debuffs ♦ Spirit Steed ♦ Build Calculator ♦ Builds
Weapons ♦ Damage Types ♦ Magic Spells ♦ Spirits ♦ Talismans ♦ Upgrades ♦ Ashes of War ♦ Shields ♦ Armor ♦ Items
Online & Multiplayer Guide ♦ Pv P ♦ Covenants ♦ Player Trade
Locations ♦ Elden Ring Map ♦ Shadow of the Erdtree Map ♦ Maps ♦ Sites of Grace ♦ Covenants ♦ NPCs ♦ Creatures & Enemies ♦ Legacy Dungeons ♦ Bosses
Walkthrough ♦ Game Progress Route ♦ Shadow Lands Game Progress Route ♦ Shadow of the Erdtree Walkthrough ♦ Side Quests ♦ Endings Guide ♦ Secrets ♦ New Game Plus ♦ New Player Help
Summon Range Calculator ♦ Character Planner (Build Calculator) ♦ Weapon AR Calculator ♦ Armor Optimizer
Elden Ring Forums ♦ Media & Art
Elden Ring was released for all platforms on February 25th of 2022 . The original release date of January 21st was announced during the Summer Game Fest 2021, and the delay was revealed via Twitter on October 18th 2021
Shadow of the Erdtree is the only DLC and expansion for Elden Ring. Announced via twitter by the official Elden Ring account, it was launched on June 21st 2024 and added a large amount of content.
Elden Ring is available for PS4, Xbox One, PC. Elden Ring is available for Playstation 5 and Xbox One X as a FREE upgrade.
The game was in production since early 2017 soon after a the DLC, Ringed City, for Dark Souls 3 was released. Both Elden Ring and Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice were being developed simulnateiously by assigned co directors to the games. Since then, the game's release has been delayed a few times, but the first reveal Ttrailer was shown during E3 2019 without an official release date. It was then set to release in around November of 2020, but was agains delayed. After a few more delays it was finally released for all platforms on February 25th of 2022 . The original release date of January 21st was announced during the Summer Game Fest 2021, and the delay was revealed via Twitter on October 18th 2021.
CPU: Intel Core i5-8400 / AMD FX-Ryzen 3 3300X
VIDEO CARD: Nvidia Ge Force GTX 1060 3GB / AMD Radeon RX 580 4GB
Directx: Directx 12 (Feature Level 12.0)
Sound Card: Windows-Compatible Audio Device
CPU: Intel Core i7-8700K / AMD Ryzen 5 3600X
VIDEO CARD: Nvidia Ge Force GTX 1070 8GB / AMD Radeon RX Vega 56 8GB
NEW!!! Nightreign Standalone Co-op Spin-off is announced!
Elden Ring DLC updates to Steam Database: Players speculate a DLC release data announcement soon
Rumors of an Elden Ring Mobile Game via Tencent have appeared online, following a report by Reuters.
See Patch Notes for the Latest Patch
10th February 2022: Classes Revealed, Character Creation, New Gameplay, Game's HUB, Location and NPCs
All Classes and their Stats were revealed
All starting Keepsakes , which act like Gifts of Dark Souls revealed.
An entirely new map was revealed
The game’s hub and many NPCs were revealed
New Locations were revealed.
4th November 2021: Public Gameplay Revealed, Preorders Opened and Collector's Edition Annouced
Gameplay shows off Stats and Crafting
Gameplay shows off the Maps
The Valkyrie Boss has been named
The Stormveil Castle Boss is named
Melina is introduced
Lots of Armor and Weapons are shown
19th October 2021 : Game DELAYED, Closed Network Test announced
Closed Network Test is by invitation only
Closed Network Test will only be on Consoles
Players must apply via eldenring.bn-ent.net/en/
28 August 2021 : Interviews and Gameplay demo confirm MANY mechanics, details on Crafting , Pv P and Online , Legacy Dungeons , and a lot more .
Character Customization
Attributes ( Stats )
Spirit Summons (Buddies)
Weapons Categories (Twinblades spotted!)
Magic Types (Pyro, Sorc & more)
Jumping Attacks (Bows & Magic too!)
Stances (posture / guard system)
Stamina only for Combat
Stealth (Sleep Arrows!)
NPCs Met & Roles in Story
New Waifu ( Melina )
Pot Boy / Pot People
Spirit Steed (Mount) Mechanics
Crafting : Gathering Resources
Stam Recovery via Dried Meat
Map Functions, Setting Markers, Overview
Labyrinth spotted! Chalice Dungeons?
Dungeons & Legacy Dungeons
Return of Illusory Walls
Jump to Explore Rooftops of Dungeons
Multiplayer & Online
Asynch Features & "Group" Passwords
12 June 2021: Interviews with Hidetaka Miyazaki confirm pvp, npc summons, crafting, over 100 Skills (weapon arts) and a lot more .
10 June 2021: Announcement Trailer, Gameplay and Release date announced during Games Fest on June 10th 2021. Horseback riding, horseback combat and Multiplayer confirmed!
May / June 2021: Several journalists and known leakers claim the game will be shown one June 10th at the Summer Games Fest on June 10th 2021
March 3rd 2021: Leaked Elden Ring Trailer shows Gameplay
Gameplay reveals via a leak of an internal Bandai Namco trailer have shown several aspects of the game, such as:
Confirmed Jump mechanic
Confirmed Stealth Mechanic
Confirmed Mounted Combat
Weapon Categories: Swords, Spears / Polearms, Flails
Magic: Magic Spear and Homing Soul Arrow
For a gameplay analysis see this video .
January 2021: Elden Ring unused Concept Art revealed by artist .
The Elden Ring Wiki covers Elden Ring, developed by From Software and BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment Inc, is a fantasy action-RPG adventure set within a world created by Hidetaka Miyazaki -creator of the influential DARK SOULS video game series, and George R R Martin - author of The New York Times best-selling fantasy series, A Song of Ice and Fire. Danger and discovery lurk around every corner in From Software's largest game to-date.
Hidetaka Miyazaki, President and Game Director of From Software Inc known for directing critically-acclaimed games in beloved franchises including Armored Core, Dark Souls, Bloodborne and Sekiro Shadows Die Twice.
George R R Martin is the On  the New York Times bestselling author of many novels, including the acclaimed series A Song of Ice and One - A Game of Thrones, A Clash of Kings, A Storm of Swords, A Feast For Crows, and A Dance with Dragons. As a writer-producer, he has worked on The Twilight Zone, Beauty and the Beast, and various feature films and pilots that were never made.
Elden Ring has been in production since the end of the Dark Souls III DLC. This is in contrast to Sekiro, that begun production in 2015 after Bloodborne.
Elden Ring will release on PC, Xbox One and Playstation 4
Bandai Namco is publishing and has registered the Elden Ring IP
Elden Ring Release Date – From our observations The release window for this game is unlikely to match From Software’s traditional March-April, and is more likely to fall into Dark Souls’ September-October release.
“Elden Ring is a third-person action RPG with a fantasy setting… gameplay is not so far from Dark Souls… Elden Ring belongs to the same genre.”
Plethora of weapons, magic and builds, and a focus on RPG elements. From Software expects equipment variety to be larger than Souls in this regard.
No main fixed protagonist, players create the characteristics and personality of their character. This leads us to believe Character Creation is a given.
The World of Elden Ring is vast and interconnected. No longer a continuity of “levels”, players see vast landscapes in between the “dungeon-esque” areas.
The larger world scale allows for freedom, promotes exploration, and introduces new and exciting mechanics, such as Horse Riding and Mounted Combat.
Elden Ring is a “natural evolution of Dark Souls.” New mechanics needed by this larger world. Expect From Software’s trademark challenging boss battles.
Towns won’t be full of villagers, merchants and the like. They will be ruins, dungeons and exploration hubs. As Souls there is no vast population of NPCs.
The NPCs the player finds are expected to be the most compelling yet in the studio’s work, thanks to Martin’s involvement in the Mythos. George R. R. Martin has written the world’s mythos and Hidetaka Miyazaki has written the game story.
Story will be revealed through “fragments of environmental storytelling” as in previous Souls games.
Mythos and the present moment of the player are connected and exploration will lead players to understand why things are as they are.
There is no information at time of writing about multiplayer/online/invasions.
Journey through the Lands Between, a new fantasy world created by Hidetaka Miyazaki, creator of the infl uential DARK SOULS video game series, and George R. R. Martin, author of The New York Times best-selling fantasy series, A Song of Ice and Fire. Unravel the mysteries of the Elden Ring’s power. Encounter adversaries with profound backgrounds, characters with their own unique motivations for helping or hindering your progress, and fearsome creatures.
WORLD EXPLORATION IN THE LANDS BETWEEN
ELDEN RING features vast fantastical landscapes and shadowy, complex dungeons that are connected seamlessly. Traverse the breathtaking world on foot or on horseback, alone or online with other players , and fully immerse yourself in the grassy plains, suffocating swamps, spiraling mountains, foreboding castles and other sites of grandeur on a scale never seen before in a From Software title.
GENRE-DEFINING GAMEPLAY
Create your character in From Software’s refi ned action-RPG and define your playstyle by experimenting with a wide variety of weapons , magical abilities , and skills found throughout the world. Charge into battle, pick off enemies one-by-one using stealth, or even call upon allies for aid. Many options are at your disposal as you decide how to approach exploration and combat . A free upgrade to the Play Station 5 version will be available for players who purchase ELDEN RING on Play Station 4, and Smart Delivery will be supported for Xbox One and Xbox Series X|S.
Nightreign for Elden Ring is From Software and Bandai Namco''s new stand-alone ARPG that highlights not only a Single-player mode but also a co-op experience of up to three players. It is a game set within the universe or setting of Elden Ring that (might we say) features a "condensed" area of Limgrave where players will get to explore familiar areas and some new biomes. According to the official JP website of Nightreign, as translated:
"Nightreign is an action game in which you take on overwhelming situations together with other players. In this title, which retains some of the enemies, weapons, and other elements of "ELDEN RING" but has been reconstructed with a completely different game design, players will control characters with different personalities and take on new threats."
The Nightreign network test is a preliminary verification test in which the selected testers play a portion of the game prior to the full game launch. Various technical verifications of online systems will be examined by conducting large-scale network load tests.
Registration : Starts January 10th, 2025.
Network Test Start : February 2025, specific date yet to be confirmed.
Available on: PS5/Xbox Series
Playable Heroes : Yet to be confirmed if all the 8 heroes of the roster will be playable. It is highly likely that players will be able to play the four confirmed Heroes. (Wylder, Guardian, Duchess, and Recluse)
A new standalone multiplayer co-op action survival game set in the ELDEN RING universe is on the horizon, inviting players to unite against the formidable Nightlord. This exciting title will immerse players in cooperative PVE battles within a brutal and relentless environment. Whether joining forces in teams of three or venturing out alone, players will need to endure a challenging three-day-and-night cycle, making quick choices about combat and exploration on a dynamic map. Their ultimate goal? To gather enough strength to confront and conquer fearsome bosses that await at the end of each day.
OFFICIAL NIGHTREIGN GAME DESCRIPTION ACCORDING TO BANDAI NAMCO
"Players take on the night together in an all-new experience from the team at From Software. ELDEN RING NIGHTREIGN will be a multiplayer-focused return to Roundtable Hold, set in a universe parallel to the events of ELDEN RING. Players must choose from eight unique characters, each with their own unique abilities and powerful Ultimates. Their journeys take them to Limveld, an ever-changing map, where they will have to make split-second decisions when it comes to combat and exploration in the face of a night cycle that shrinks the map with the coming Night’s Tide. At the end of each night, players will face a powerful boss and, if victorious, awaken to bigger challenges.
Each session will culminate in the third night when they must face off against the chosen Nightlord. Individuals can fight the night alone, but strength will come in numbers. Nightfarers must learn to cooperate to take down these challenges, combining their unique abilities together for an unparalleled experience in the ELDEN RING universe. All is not lost for those who fall in defeat. Unsuccessful runs will grant players relics to allow them to customize and upgrade their characters tailored to their personal play styles."
"ELDEN RING NIGHTREIGN is unlike any experience created before by From Software, Inc. In this condensed action RPG, players will never experience the same journey twice as enemies, rewards, and Limveld itself are ever-shifting and evolving each session. Defeating greater enemies and venturing into the more dangerous parts of the map will uncover more powerful weapons and greater Rune rewards. Find Sites of Grace to give each hero a chance to level up and gain crucial power.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Erdtree
The Erdtree is an enormous, luminous tree located in the Lands Between. In Elden Ring , it serves a central purpose in the game's story and lore . The Erdtree lies in Leyndell, Royal Capital , and houses Queen Marika the Eternal . Players must reach it in order to become Elden Lord. The Erdtree will change depending on the achieved ending . See Erdtree Incantations for the related spell class.
The Erdtree governs all. The choice is thine. Become one with the Order. Or divest thyself of it."
The Erdtree's primordial form was the Crucible of life, but it began to take shape after Queen Marika's ascension to godhood as an Empyrean chosen by the Two Fingers . She became a god at the Gate of Divinity in Enir-Ilim long ago. She planted the Golden Seed sometime during the War against the Fire Giants, ushering in a new age named after the Erdtree once the Giants were defeated. This new age was led by Godfrey, First Elden Lord . Many opposed the Erdtree and its rule, but through countless victories in war, it became the embodiment of Order according to the Protection of the Erdtree description. This would align it with the Elden Beast , a vassal of the Greater Will and living incarnation of the concept of Order. The age was marked with abundance, as the Erdtree offered numerous blessings to valiant warriors who would fight on its behalf, given out by Queen Marika herself. Some of these warriors would form a pact with the Erdtree to be reborn as Guardians after death. To many, dying a true death meant returning to the Erdtree in spirit. Even demigods and great champions are hewn by the Erdtree upon their end and turned into remembrances. It was once thought that the bounty of the Erdtree would last forever, but that age of plenty would not last, and with time the Erdtree became more an object of faith.
A transition of power arose when Godfrey and his men were stripped of the grace of gold and Radagon of the Golden Order became the second Elden Lord. Things escalated when the Night of the Black Knives occurred and Godwyn the Golden was unjustly slain. He would be buried beside the Erdtree's roots, and Deathroot would run rampant across the catacombs in the Lands Between. The Erdtree was irrevocably ravaged when the Elden Ring was shattered into shards by Queen Marika, and Radagon sealed the Erdtree with protective thorns while attempting to repair the Ring. Golden seeds dispersed from the Erdtree because of this event, as if life itself knew that its end had come. Some of these seeds grew into Minor Erdtrees defended by Erdtree Avatars . Perhaps through the Erdtree Avatars and Ulcerated Tree Spirits , the Erdtree let its wrath be known. The shardbearing demigods would wage a war known as the Shattering in the wake of Marika's betrayal. During this time Morgott, the Omen King would protect Leyndell in Queen Marika and Lord Radagon's absence, and would remain there to deter any who would approach the Erdtree. Gideon would discover the truth about the Erdtree, that it had been broken long ago. In a land veiled in shadow, the Scadutree is said to be the Shadow of the Erdtree and shines with its grace.
Source from Edge Magazine (#367 Boss Encounter by Jason Killingsworth )
Hidetaka Miyazaki: In Dark Souls, the tree motif was present, but fire was the most distinctive visual element of that game. And for Elden Ring, the tree is obviously more apparent in that respect — the Erdtree. I don't want to go into too many details for fear of spoilers, but it does get nice and complicated. There's a lot to explore here, I feel, and people who are that way inclined are really going to get something out of the game. First of all, just as something that's visually striking and enticing on the screen, in the world itself, something that draws your attention, something that stands out, this tree with golden glowing leaves is something that fits my ideal for something that represents the world physically. It's something that burns that image into your mind, but it also stands as something that represents those rules and an order of the world that we talked about earlier. What can represent these rules and order but also not be absolute? That was the question that ran through my mind when I created this image. And the tree really fits the bill nicely for that because the tree is something that's alive, it's something that grew, it's something that will eventually wither and die. And this really fits the role of something that can then bestow this order, control these rules, and enforce these rules on the world. Because these too are things that will grow and will change and will wither and die as well. So I feel that the tree this time is something that fits those elements both visually and thematically. But saying any more than that would definitely go into spoiler territory.
Source from IGN ( Elden Ring: The Big Hidetaka Miyazaki Interview - Summer of Gaming by Mitchell Saltzman )
Hidetaka Miyazaki: So this may get a little lengthy. So first of all, in the world of Elden Ring, The Lands Between are blessed by the presence of the Elden Ring and by the Erdtree, which symbolizes its presence, and this has given grace or blessing to the people throughout the land, great and small. What this represented in them is this sort of golden light, or this golden aura, that's specifically shown in their eyes. And this symbolizes the blessing or the grace of the Erdtree. However, after a time, there were some individuals who lost this grace, and the light faded from their eyes. And these are what are known as the Tarnished.
Speaking with Melina at the Forge of the Giants and defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade in Farum Azula result in irreversible changes in the Erdtree's appearance in addition to advancing the game's story.
In the boss arena for the Elden Beast, innumerable Erdtrees can be seen in the background, which may be a nod to a reoccurring background theme by From Software starting with Ash Lake from Dark Souls, and includes Aldia's Keep from Dark Souls 2 , Smouldering Lake from Dark Souls 3, and the Hunter's Dream from Bloodborne.
Many have noted the Erdtree's likeness to Yggdrasil, the World Tree, which has appeared in many works of fiction and has roots in Norse mythology.
A dusky-yellow flower that has started to fade and wilt. Material used for crafting items. Found throughout the Lands Between.
Said to grow from the old fallen leaves of the Erdtree, these flowers serve as the base material for a number of sorcery techniques.
Ruin Fragment blessed with an incantation of the Two Fingers. Craftable item.
Uses FP to generate warmth, continuously restoring the HP of those nearby.
It's said that the Erdtree was once as warm as the gentle sun, and would gradually heal all who bathed in its rays.
A golden seed, found at the base of an illusory tree.
Increases a Sacred Flask's number of uses. (Can be used after resting at a site of grace.)
When the Elden Ring was shattered, these seeds flew from the Erdtree, scattering across the various lands, as if life itself knew that its end has come.
Blessing of the Erdtree, worshipped in the churches of all lands; this is but a faint vestige.
Increases the potency of a Sacred Flask's restorative effects. (Can be used after resting at a site of grace.)
During the age of the Erdtree, these tears were used to spread the faith, for theirs was once a certain blessing.
Golden helm of the heavy cavalry Tree Sentinels who serve the Erdtree.
Very few are permitted to wear a golden wood crest of such size as seen on this helm.
Ceremonial staff depicting the Erdtree in its historic radiance. Wielded by the avatars who protect the Minor Erdtrees.
The avatars, emerging in the wake of the Elden Ring's shattering, were determined to protect the withering Erdtree's offspring.
Engraved golden garb. Worn by guardians of the Minor Erdtree.
In accordance with an ancient pact with the Erdtree, it is said that their deaths led not to destruction, but instead to renewed, eternal life as guardians.
This legendary incantation is the most ancient of those that derive from the Erdtree.
Creates a stream of golden shooting stars that assail the area.
It is said that long ago, the Greater Will sent a golden star bearing a beast into the Lands Between, which would later become the Elden Ring.
A superior incantation of Erdtree Worship.
Increase damage negation for all affinities except physical, for both the caster and nearby allies. Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
In the beginning, everything was in opposition to the Erdtree. But through countless victories in war, it became the embodiment of Order.
Superior Erdtree Worship incantation.
Produces a golden shockwave that knocks back nearby foes. Charging increases the size of the shockwave.
This incantation was discovered when the Elden Ring was shattered, and it was feared as a sign of the Erdtree's wrath.
Stone used to smith a variety of armaments. Found in a polar region, it is semi-vitrified. Strengthens armaments up to +21.
Thought to have been used to hone the weapons of the champions of the War against the Giants at the birth of the Erdtree.
A talisman depicting a special blessing of the Erdtree. Slightly raises maximum HP, stamina, and equip load.
It is said that when the Age of the Erdtree began, such blessings were personally bestowed upon their recipients by Queen Marika herself.
Talisman depicting a drop of the Erdtree's sap, a blessed boon.
Gradually restores HP.
It was once thought that the blessed sap of the Erdtree would drip from its boughs forever -- but that age of plenty swiftly came to a close, and with time, the Erdtree became more an object of faith.
Secret incantation of Queen Marika. Only the kindness of gold, without Order.
Creates a small, illusory Erdtree that continuously restores the HP of nearby allies.
Marika bathed the village of her home in gold, knowing full well that there was no one to heal.
Golden remnants of the grace bestowed upon those who fell in the realm of shadow.
Use to gain 7500 runes.
The Scadutree is the shadow of the Erdtree. No wonder grace shines ever so brilliantly.
Hark, brave warriors. Hark, my lord Godfrey. We commend your deeds. Guidance hath delivered ye through each ordeal, to the place ye stand.
Put the Giants to the sword, and confine the flame atop the mount. Let a new epoch begin. An epoch glistening with life. Brandish the Elden Ring, for the Age of the Erdtree!
The Erdtree governs all. The choice is thine. Become one with the Order. Or divest thyself of it. To wallow at the fringes; a powerless upstart.
To aid you in your search for the Elden Ring. You need only take me with you. To the foot of the Erdtree.
This tiny golden aura is the grace of the Erdtree. This light once shone in the eyes of your Tarnished brethren. But now it is all that guides you.
Me? I'm searching. For my purpose, given to me by my mother inside the Erdtree, long ago.
It takes me back. I was born at the foot of the Erdtree. Where mother gave me my purpose.
You were unable to enter the Erdtree, no? Prevented by the mantle of barbs. The thorns are impenetrable. A husk of the Erdtree's being; that spurns all that exists without.
O Erdtree, you shall burn. Burn, for the sake of the new Lord.
A remembrance of gold has found its way into your possession. Demigods, and even the greater of the champions, are hewn by the Erdtree upon their end, into remembrances.
Queen Marika is the vessel of the Elden Ring, carrier of its vision. A god, in truth. But after the Elden Ring's shattering, she was imprisoned in the Erdtree. A grim punishment for shattering the Order, despite her godhood.
Heavens forbid... That is not the domain of mere men. The burning of the Erdtree is the first cardinal sin.
Only the smoldering flame in the Great Forge of the Giants, on the highest peak in the Lands Between, can burn the Erdtree.
For the flame to burn the Erdtree, a sacrifice is needed. Of one who envisions the flame.
Ohh, Erdtree, great Erdtree. The Golden Order itself, unwavering, stretched to the sky.
The Erdtree (黄金樹, Ōgonju ; lit. "Golden Tree") is a giant, gold-colored tree that towers above the Lands Between in ELDEN RING (2022) . The Lands Between are blessed by the Elden Ring , which is the source of the Erdtree, [ External 1 ] that symbolizes its presence. [ External 2 ] It is the heart of the Golden Order . [ 1 ] The blessing granted by the Erdtree, and consequently the Elden Ring, is represented by a golden light in the eyes of the inhabitants of the Lands Between, [ 2 ] known as the Grace of Gold . [ 3 ] Upon their deaths, the remembrances of demigods and greater champions, and other such powerful beings are hewn into the Erdtree. [ 4 ]
The Altus Plateau was considered to be the realm of the Erdtree, [ 5 ] [ 6 ] and it was the belief of the people of the plateau that those born at the foot of the Erdtree were special. [ 7 ]
1 Overview 1.1 The Crucible 1.2 Age of the Erdtree 1.2.1 Erdtree burial 1.3 The Shattering 1.4 Present
1.2 Age of the Erdtree 1.2.1 Erdtree burial
1.2.1 Erdtree burial
The Crucible of life was the primordial matter that became the Erdtree and the place where all life was once blended together. [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ] It was said to be close in nature to life itself, [ 12 ] [ 13 ] and was represented by gold with a reddish tint—the color of homeward yearning. [ 14 ] The power of the Crucible was also held in the armor of the Crucible Knights , [ 15 ] and channeled by their weapons. [ 12 ]
The birth of the Erdtree coincided with the time of War Against the Giants . [ 16 ] Everything was once in opposition to the Erdtree, but it became the embodiment of Order through countless victories in war. [ 17 ] Following the defeat of the Fire Giants and their Fell God , and the confinement of the Flame of Ruin , Queen Marika declared the beginning of a new epoch, glistening with life, known as the Age of the Erdtree. [ 18 ] When the new age began, special blessings of the Erdtree were personally bestowed by Queen Marika herself. [ 19 ] Blessings once fell like tears from the Erdtree. [ 20 ] These tears were used to spread the faith, and were worshiped in the churches of all lands. [ 21 ] Under the Erdtree, commingling with the demi-humans was made possible. [ 22 ]
The old sap of the Erdtree becomes amber, wherein dwells a primordial life energy. In the time of Godfrey , the first Elden Lord , it was treasured as the most precious of jewels. [ 23 ] The Erdtree once flourished with abundance—yet it was only for a fleeting moment, as is the course of all life. [ 24 ] It was thought that the blessed sap of the Erdtree would drip from its boughs forever, but that age of plenty swiftly came to a close, and with time, the Erdtree became more an object of faith. [ 25 ]
Erdtree burial was an honor awarded to heroes as a proper death meant returning to the Erdtree. [ 26 ] [ 27 ] The remains of such champions were deposited within the catacombs built around the great tree roots that once connected to the Erdtree. [ 28 ] [ 29 ] Indeed there were once heroes abundantly blessed by the Erdtree who upon earning their honors simply died. [ 30 ] Statues of Rosus, Usher of Death , were erected in order to guide the dead who lose their way during their return to the Erdtree roots. [ 31 ]
On the Night of Black Knives , a stolen fragment of the Rune of Death was used to murder Godwyn the Golden . As a hero and the first demigod to die, Godwyn's body was buried deep beneath Leyndell in the Deeproot Depths overlooking the Nameless Eternal City . Although his soul has perished, his body did not, and his Erdtree burial enabled the Rune of Death to spread throughout the great tree roots, sprouting in the form of Deathroot across the Lands Between. [ 32 ] Deathroot violated the catacombs and gave rise to Those Who Live in Death , who refused the Erdtree's call to return. [ 33 ] At some point, either before or after the Elden Ring was shattered, the connection between the Erdtree and the great tree roots was severed. [ 28 ]
Minor Erdtrees were considered to be the offspring of the Erdtree. [ 34 ] After the Elden Ring was shattered, golden seeds flew from the Erdtree and scattered across the Lands Between, as if life itself knew that its end had come. [ 35 ] It used to be believed that Erdtree seeds could not exist, as the Erdtree was once perfect and eternal. [ 36 ] Erdtree Avatars emerged following the shattering of the Elden Ring, determined to protect the withering Erdtree's offspring. [ 34 ] Illusory trees, or phantom trees, also grew from the scattered golden seeds. [ 35 ] Additionally, the Wrath of Gold incantation was discovered, and feared as a sign of the Erdtree's wrath. [ 37 ]
Queen Marika was imprisoned inside the Erdtree after she shattered the Elden Ring. [ 38 ] At some point following the shattering of the Elden Ring, the entrance to the Erdtree was blocked by impenetrable thorns, emblazoned with the seal of King Consort Radagon , [ 39 ] which prevent access to anyone outside. [ 40 ] The Flame of Ruin was capable of burning the Erdtree and destroying the impenetrable thorns, but doing so was long held to be the first cardinal sin. [ 41 ]
After the defeat of Morgott, the Omen King , The Tarnished attempted to enter the Erdtree to repair the Elden Ring, become Marika's consort, and ascend as Elden Lord . [ 42 ] However, they were unable to enter due to the impenetrable thorns . The Tarnished then traveled to the Mountaintops of the Giants to rekindle the Flame of Ruin and burn the Erdtree, either by sacrificing Melina (as was her duty as the kindling maiden) [ 43 ] or by using the Frenzied Flame . This journey eventually led them to Crumbling Farum Azula , where the defeat of Maliketh, the Black Blade unbound the Rune of Death, enabling them to enter the burning Erdtree.
The fate of the Erdtree is dependent on the player's ending choice.
The Scadutree is the "shadow of the Erdtree." [ 44 ]

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Golden Order
The Golden Order (黄金律, Ōgonritsu ) is a philosophical and theological movement in ELDEN RING (2022) . It refers to the removal of the Rune of Death from the Elden Ring and the historic reign of Queen Marika the Eternal . Its greatest symbols are the Erdtree and the Grace of Gold . It is the dominant set of beliefs in the Lands Between .
1 Background 1.1 Golden Order Fundamentalism
1.1 Golden Order Fundamentalism
The Golden Order was established by Queen Marika following Maliketh 's triumph over the Gloam-Eyed Queen and her Godskin Apostles . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] She extracted the Rune of Death from the Elden Ring and sealed it inside her shadowbound beast . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] In doing so, she suppressed the power of her Empyrean rival and granted immortality to herself and her demigod offspring, the Golden Lineage . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
The Golden Order was a governing principle, a religion, and a philosophy. It was founded on the principle that Marika was the one true god, [ 8 ] and was propagated by the Two Fingers . [ 9 ] It replaced the concept of Destined Death with that of Erdtree Burial .
The Golden Order was capable of integrating conflicting ideologies and practices. The dragon cult of the royal capital was compatible because the ancient dragons' lightning was imbued with gold. [ 10 ] Later, the Erdtree faith absorbed the practice of glintstone sorcery . [ 11 ] Concepts that threatened to shatter the Order entirely, such as life in death , were labeled as heresy and violently persecuted by the Golden Order. [ 12 ]
Golden Order Fundamentalism was a scholarly pursuit that combined both intelligence and faith. [ 13 ] It attempted to interpret the fundamentals of the Golden Order. [ 14 ] Fundamentalism was based on two concepts: the Law of Regression , the pull of meaning and the yearning to converge; [ 15 ] and the Law of Causality , the pull between meanings which links all things in a chain of relation. [ 16 ]
Among the Golden Order Fundamentalists were the hunters of Those Who Live in Death , who abandoned learning in search of an absolute evil to contend with. [ 17 ] Miquella , who once created Fundamentalist incantations to give to his father Radagon , abandoned Fundamentalism as it could not treat Malenia 's rot. [ 18 ] Other notable followers of Golden Order Fundamentalism included Brother Corhyn , Goldmask , and the twins D. Hunter of the Dead and D, Beholder of Death .
The Japanese term ōgonritsu (黄金律, lit. "golden law") refers to the Golden Rule , the maxim of reciprocity whereby one should treat others as one would want to be treated by them ("Do unto others as you would have them do unto you").
Death-Prince's Order

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Runes
Runes in Elden Ring , analogous to the Souls of previous From Software titles, act as both the player's EXP for leveling up and the primary currency for Merchants . According to the lore, they are fragments of the shattered Elden Ring itself, granting golden grace and strength to those who claim them. You will drop any runes currently in your possession at the exact site of your death. If you die again before reclaiming those dropped runes, they will be lost forever, though equipping items such as a Sacrificial Twig can prevent this loss. The compass at the top of the screen, as well as a golden marker on your map, indicates the direction of the lost runes.
See Leveling for details on how to level up, a breakdown of runes necessary per level, and more.
See Stats for a rundown of attribute points, attack power, damage negation, and all other player stats.
See Rebirth for details on how to reallocate (respec) assigned attribute points.
How to Obtain Runes in Elden Ring
How to Use Runes in Elden Ring
Boosting Rune Acquisition in Elden Ring
Elden Ring Rune Items
Elden Ring Farming Spots
Enemies are the main source of runes. Defeating the inhabitants of the Lands Between will award you both runes and Items .
Occasionally enemies have golden glowing eyes, indicating that they will drop five times their usual amount of runes.
Bosses are a substantial source of runes. Conquering the strongest of foes merits a bounty of runes.
Remembrances drop from certain bosses upon defeat which can be consumed for runes or exchanged for powerful items.
During Multiplayer Co-op , the Host receives 75% of the boss's rune reward and Cooperators receive 25%
Golden Rune Consumables are a reliable source of runes. Like all items, they are not lost on death so you can store them up and use them when you need a few more runes.
Player-vs-Player rewards runes after either a successful invasion or defense against fellow Tarnished.
Leveling : Available at any site of grace after meeting Melina , players can spend runes to increase their stats .
Players have an opportunity to reallocate attribute points later through Rebirth .
Merchants : Runes can buy a variety of Items , Weapons , and other goods from the more sociable denizens of the Lands Between.
Occasionally, merchants offer certain items with an unlimited stock, accommodating even the greatest of spending sprees.
Equipment and Consumables :
Festive Grease - 25 runes on hit, unaffected by other boosts
Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot - Increases rune acquisition by 30% for 3 minutes
Gold Scarab - Increases rune acquisition by 20% while equipped
Golden Horn Tender - Increases rune acquisition by 40% for 3 minutes
Celebrant Weapons: Weapons which grant runes on-hit (unaffected by acquisition boosts):
Celebrant's Skull - 20
Celebrant's Cleaver - 10
Celebrant's Sickle - 10
Celebrant's Rib-Rake - 10
Multiplayer : When a player you share a Group Password with accomplishes a major feat, you receive a 5% increase to rune acquisition for five minutes. Below are the possible accompanying messages:
"Someone in the [1-5] group has defeated a Shardbearer"
"Someone in the [1-5] group has become a Lord"
"Someone in the [1-5] group has become the Elden Lord"
Overkill exists as it did in previous titles. If the first strike to an enemy deals over 150% of its max HP , it gives 20% more runes.
Golden Leaves will occasionally shower from the Erdtree, increasing rune acquisition by 5% as long as the leaves are falling.
Preventing Rune Loss : While not "boosting" rune acquisition, you can save your runes using the following.
Sacrificial Twig - Instead of losing your runes when you die, you will lose the Sacrificial Twig
Twiggy Cracked Tear - Briefly stops rune loss on death (takes precedence over Sacrificial Twig when active)
Quick Search of Rune Items
Recommended Search Terms: Shadow Realm, Marika's
Quick Search of Rune Items
Recommended Search Terms: Golden, Numen's, Hero's
Golden traces of the grace bestowed upon those who fell in the realm of shadow. Use to gain 500 runes. Broken and faded, threatening to dissipate entirely.
Golden remnants of the grace bestowed upon those who fell in the realm of shadow. Use to gain 7500 runes. The Scadutree is the shadow of the Erdtree. No wonder grace shines ever so brilliantly.
Golden remnants of the grace bestowed upon those who fell in the realm of shadow. Use to gain 10000 runes. The Scadutree is the shadow of the Erdtree. No wonder grace shines ever so brilliantly.
Golden remnants of the grace bestowed upon those who fell in the realm of shadow. Use to gain 12500 runes. The soldiers who joined the crusade were rewarded with grace aplenty.
Golden remnants of the grace bestowed upon those who fell in the realm of shadow. Use to gain 15000 runes. The soldiers who joined the crusade were rewarded with grace aplenty.
Golden remnants of the grace bestowed upon those who fell in the realm of shadow. Use to gain 17500 runes. In a long-forgotten place where none would tread, the light of grace quietly grew ever more brilliant.
Golden remnants of the grace bestowed upon those who fell in the realm of shadow. Use to gain 22500 runes. In a long-forgotten place where none would tread, the light of grace quietly grew ever more brilliant.
Golden remnants of the grace bestowed upon those who fell in the realm of shadow. Use to gain 30000 runes. In a long-forgotten place where none would tread, the light of grace quietly grew ever more brilliant.
Blessing of Needle Knight Leda. An unalloyed light that has never dwelled in an eye. Use to gain 40000 runes. Miquella gifted Leda with gentle gold to bring a soft hue to her faded eyes.
Golden remnants of the grace bestowed upon heroes who fell in the realm of shadow. Use to gain 50000 runes. The great heroes of the war were richly blessed by the grace of the Erdtree, but were not honored in death.
Golden remnants of the grace personally bestowed by Queen Marika to the heroes who joined the crusade for her. Use to gain 80000 runes. The brilliance of Queen Marika's grace blinds even the very best.
Grace said to have once dwelled in the eyes of the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 3000 runes. No grace resides in the eyes of the Tarnished; if it ever did, it is now lost.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering trace of gold. Use to gain 200 runes. Runes are nourishment for the development of any Tarnished. Provided a Finger Maiden can be found...
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering trace of gold. Use to gain 400 runes. Runes are nourishment for the development of any Tarnished. Provided a Finger Maiden can be found...
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering trace of gold. Use to gain 800 runes. Even now, runes are still imbued with the power of life itself. Do you see the Erdtree towering o'er?
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering trace of gold. Use to gain 1200 runes. Even now, runes are still imbued with the power of life itself. Do you see the Erdtree towering o'er?
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering trace of gold. Use to gain 1600 runes. Even now, runes are still imbued with the power of life itself. Do you see the Erdtree towering o'er?
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 2000 runes. Those born at the foot of the Erdtree are blessed. At least, that is the enduring belief of the people of the plateau.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 2500 runes. Those born at the foot of the Erdtree are blessed. At least, that is the enduring belief of the people of the plateau.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 3000 runes. Those born at the foot of the Erdtree are blessed. At least, that is the enduring belief of the people of the plateau.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 3800 runes. Those born at the foot of the Erdtree are blessed. At least, that is the enduring belief of the people of the plateau.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 5000 runes. The grace of gold blessed those who were first to serve it with the most vivid coloration.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 6250 runes. The grace of gold blessed those who were first to serve it with the most vivid coloration.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 7500 runes. The grace of gold blessed those who were first to serve it with the most vivid coloration.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 10000 runes. The grace of gold blessed those who were first to serve it with the most vivid coloration.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 12500 runes. The Numen are said to have come from outside the Lands Between, and are in fact of the same stock as Queen Marika herself.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 15000 runes. There were once heroes who walked the battlefields, abundantly blessed by the Erdtree itself, who upon earning their honor simply died.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 20000 runes. There were once heroes who walked the battlefields, abundantly blessed by the Erdtree itself, who upon earning their honor simply died.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 25000 runes. There were once heroes who walked the battlefields, abundantly blessed by the Erdtree itself, who upon earning their honor simply died.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 30000 runes. There were once heroes who walked the battlefields, abundantly blessed by the Erdtree itself, who upon earning their honor simply died.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold. Use to gain 35000 runes. There were once heroes who walked the battlefields, abundantly blessed by the Erdtree itself, who upon earning their honor simply died.
Grace that dwells within the inhabitants of the Lands Between; true vestiges of gold. Use to gain 50000 runes. Runes of one who was destined to become a Lord, but when the Elden Ring was shattered, all that remained was a distant duty.
How to efficiently farm runes is an ever-evolving topic in Elden Ring that highly depends on the player's preferred method of farming, access to areas of the game world, and current player strength. Contributions are not only welcomed, but encouraged. It is recommended that players who want to farm runes obtain the Golden Scarab talisman as early as possible, as it increases runes reward by 20%. In order to further increase rune rewards, it is possible in the late game to efficiently farm for Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot, to increase rune rewards by a further 30%, for a total increase of 56%.
In Gatefront Ruins : Farm the enemies in the ruins. Use Spirit Ashes to clear out the encampment more quickly. 1,224 per run if the Godrick Knight is killed. [ Map Link ]
Outside the Third Church of Marika Grace, there is a single Troll which serves as an easy target. Use Spirit Ashes (e.g. Godrick Soldier Ashes ) and consider a weapon with Hemorrhage . Return to the nearby grace and repeat. 1,000 per run
In Liurnia : Look for a nearby battle between spectral soldiers and giants and collect the runes once the battle has ended. 1,000 per run
By Limgrave Tower Bridge Site of Grace: After defeating Margit The Fell Omen , farm the three Golems along the bridge. 3,117 per run. [ Map Link ]
Impassable Greatbridge Site of Grace: If you run past enemies on Torrent, you can get to this midgame location very early. Two groups of enemies are fighting one another next to this Site of Grace, and if you jump onto the cliff to the west, stand back, and let them kill each other. Each run takes a few minutes but is both low-risk and low-effort. About 4,000 per run. [ Map Link ]
By Lenne's Rise : Go down the slope. A ball will spawn and try to smash you, but you can turn right, dodge the ball, and let it fall down the cliff. Continue down the path a short way for another identical ball, just under an overhanging tree. One run takes around 30 seconds and doesn't require any fighting. Make sure the ball goes off the side of the cliff and is close enough that you get the runes. 3,904 per run. [ Map Link ]
From the Across the Roots grace in Deeproot Depths , go down the roots to the south-west. There will be up to 6 Broken Statues which can easily be killed from behind. Take out the first three at the tower left of the grace. Another one on the tower right - ignore the frogs. Then down the root from the grace and another on the left from the grace behind buildings, nearby where the map can be found. 21.102 per run
By Dragonbarrow Fork Site of Grace: Go up the slope and fight 16 poisoned Guardians . These have 983 HP so this farming spot requires a high damage output. 18,122 per run. You can continue the run by climbing up to the upper cliff to your right at the broken jars, before you reach the Minor Erdtree. Follow the upper cliff edge back west. There will be 15 more poisoned Guardians for a grand total of 36,202 per run. [ Map Link ]
By Lower Capital Church Site of Grace: Kill the Omenkiller right outside, then run straight down into the sewers, turn left and then right ignoring the Rats and Lesser Fingercreepers along the way, and kill the Broken Statue at the end. Takes about 30 seconds.  About 5,000 per run. [ Map Link ]
By Palace Approach Ledge-Road Site of Grace: Stand on the cliffside and shoot the large bird at the other end. The arrow should hit the bird when it shows its back to the player. It will run towards the player and fall off the cliff. A run takes 15 to 20 seconds once you find the perfect spot to stand. Once you've defeated Elden Beast , you can also use the Sacred Relic Sword 's Wave of Gold skill to kill all the nearby Albinaurics . 11,038 runes per run without killing Albinaurics. [ Map Link ]. This spot is accessible in the mid-game (after beating Godrick the Grafted ) by doing White-Mask Varre's quest and obtaining the Pureblood Knight's Medal . Killing the Albinaurics using a single Wave of Gold rewards about 32,000 runes from the right spot. Note that it is very advantageous to quickly go into NG+ in order to farm runes, as the reward received from enemies is doubled , making farming far more efficient.
By Prayer Room Site of Grace: Head out the northern opening to clear out several easy knights around the wall. Fast travel back to Prayer Room before reaching the room toward the bottom with the two larger and more difficult knights. Over 30,000 per run. [ Map Link ]
These locations or enemies yield an abundance of runes with minimal investment but can only be collected once .
75.000 by Fort Faroth : Kill Elder Dragon Greyoll just to the west. She can't defend herself if you attack her tail, and a Hemorrhage weapon can whittle down her substantial health bar even at a very low level. [ Map Link ]
45.000 by Lenne's Rise: Head north at night and let the Night's Cavalry notice you. Run up the slope, turn left, and keep going: the boss will die somehow on its way back to its original location. This has been patched in 1.08. It is still possible by getting the rider stuck between the bridge and the northwestern root, then shooting it from the southwestern end of the bridge.
You can hold at most 999,999,999 at one time.
Golden Runes are included in Player Trade .
Unless explicitly stated, rune acquisition boosts stack multiplicatively.
Runes ( ) act as both the currency and experience points (XP) in ELDEN RING (2022) .
One of the main game mechanics behind runes is that they'll be lost on death and the only way to get them back is to return to the area where they were lost to reclaim them. However, if one should die before they can retrieve the lost runes, they'll be lost permanently.
Runes are gained when killing enemies, but also exist as objects which can be picked up and are sometimes dropped by defeated enemies. These rune objects exist in various forms, which provide increasing numbers of runes when used or sold to merchants (for the same number of runes as when used). The various forms of these rune objects, in increasing order of how many runes they provide, are: Golden Rune 1 , Golden Rune 2 , Golden Rune 3 , Golden Rune 4 , Golden Rune 5 , Golden Rune 6 , Golden Rune 7 , Golden Rune 8 , Lands Between Rune , Golden Rune 9 , Golden Rune 10 , Golden Rune 11 , Golden Rune 12 , Golden Rune 13 , Numen's Rune , Hero's Rune 1 , Hero's Rune 2 , Hero's Rune 3 , Hero's Rune 4 , Hero's Rune 5 , Lord's Rune
Unlike dungeon boss fights, if one dies inside an evergaol, the runes will be retrievable on the surface/entrance area to the evergaol so there's minimal risk in fighting bosses in evergaols.
Golden Runes and any other item that grants runes are not lost on death so it's best to keep them in their object state until ready to level up or buy something to minimize rune losses
Sacrificial Twigs can be used in a talisman slot so on the next death, the twig is lost rather than one's runes.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Great Runes
Great Runes in Elden Ring are Key Items dropped by shardbearer Bosses whose powers can be unlocked at Divine Towers and then activated with Rune Arcs to strengthen the player until death. This page covers how to activate them, their names, effects, respective bosses, and Locations .
Mending Runes , which are required for three of Elden Ring's Endings , are also found below.
Great Runes and Mending Runes are not kept in New Game+ .
Great Runes are unique Key Items dropped by mostly Demigods , the main Bosses of the game, which bestow their blessings after using a Rune Arc .
Players must obtain two Great Runes and speak with Finger Reader Enia before entering Leyndell, the Royal Capital .
There are seven Great Runes in the base game that can be acquired from each shardbearer, and an additional Great Rune added in the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC that acts as a tool.
Great Runes are dropped by major bosses, which can be found inside various Legacy Dungeons .
Godrick the Grafted : Found at Stormveil Castle , Limgrave
Rennala Queen of the Full Moon : Found at Raya Lucaria Academy , Liurnia of the Lakes
Starscourge Radahn : Found at Redmane Castle , Caelid
Morgott, the Omen King : Found at Leyndell , Altus Plateau
Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy : Found at Volcano Manor , Mt Gelmir
Malenia, Blade of Miquella : Found at Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree
Mohg, Lord of Blood : Found at Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum
Scadutree Avatar : Found at Scadutree Base , beneath Shadow Keep
Great Runes can be equipped from the "Great Runes" menu while resting at a Sites of Grace . The Great Rune of the Unborn is an exception to this, as it only unlocks the ability to respec your character with Rennala.
They are only available from this menu after restoring their power at a Great Rune's respective Divine Tower .
After equipping a Great Rune, consuming a Rune Arc will grant you its power until death. In the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC, the Iris of Grace and Iris of Occultation can also be used this way. Only four can be acquired per playthrough, and two used for quests .
Rune Arcs are Consumable Items that grant the blessing of an equipped Great Rune. Alternatively, they can be used without an equipped Great Rune for a slight increase to maximum HP .
Rune Arcs can be found throughout the Lands Between, but there are two methods to consistently collect them:
Reward for successfully fulfilling objective as a cooperator in Multiplayer Coop
Dropped by Giant Rats (low drop rate)
If you change the equipped Great Rune, the current Great Rune's effect will be removed. Reactivating the new rune will require another Rune Arc.
A Great Rune relinquished by Miquella. Broken and bereft of its bounty, it retains naught but the power to resist charms. Miquella set off for the tower enshrouded by shadow, abandoning everything—his golden flesh, his blinding strength, even his fate. All in an effort to bury the original sin. To embrace the whole of it, and be reborn as a new god.
Great Rune of the shardbearer Godrick. Its blessing raises all attributes. This Great Rune is known as the anchor ring, found in the center of the Elden Ring. The first demigods were The Elden Lord Godfrey and his offspring, the golden lineage.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Rykard. Its blessing restores HP upon defeating enemies. Rykard was amongst the children of Rennala and Radagon, who became demigod stepchildren after Radagon's union with Queen Marika. But Rykard fed himself to the blasphemous serpent, Great Rune and all.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Radahn. Its blessing raises maximum HP, FP and Stamina. Radahn was amongst the children of Rennala and Radagon, who became demigod stepchildren after Radagon's union with Queen Marika. The Great Rune burns, to resist the encroachment of the scarlet rot.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Morgott. Its blessing greatly raises maximum HP. This Great Rune is the anchor ring that houses the base, and proves two things: That the Omen King was born of the golden lineage, and that he was indeed the Lord of Leyndell.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Mohg. Its blessing grants a blessing of blood to summoned phantoms, and imparts a Phantom Great Rune upon successful invasion. Mohg and Morgott are twin brothers, and their Great Runes are naturally similar. But Mohg's rune is soaked in accursed blood, from his devout love for the wretched mire that he was born into far below the earth.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Malenia. The blessing of this half-rotted rune reduces the healing power of Flask of Crimson Tears. And yet, due to the infusion of Malenia's spirit of resistance, attacks made immediately after receiving damage will partially recover HP. Malenia is daughter to Queen Marika and Radagon, and her Great Rune should have been the most sacred of all.
Amber egg clutched by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. Great Rune of unborn demigods. Perfects those who have been born anew. Children born anew by Rennala are all frail and short-lived. Imperfect beings, each and all.
Item for online play. Obtained after using the Mohg's Great Rune and invading another world. Consumed upon use. Enemies inside the invaded world receive a blessing of blood, which boosts their attack power when blood loss occurs nearby. Also, your HP recovers when blessed enemies defeat a player.
Rune discovered by the noble Goldmask. Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord. A rune of transcendental ideology which will attempt to perfect the Golden Order. The current imperfection of the Golden Order, or instability of ideology, can be blamed upon the fickleness of the gods no better than men. That is the fly in the ointment.
Rune gestated by Fia, the Deathbed Companion. Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord. Formed of the two hallowbrand half-wheels combined, it will embed the principle of life within Death into Order. The Golden Order was created by confining Destined Death. Thus, this new Order will be one of Death restored.
Loathsome rune gestated by the Dung Eater. Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord. The reviled curse will last eternally, and the world's children, grandchildren, and every generation hence will be its pustules. If Order is defiled entirely, defilement is defilement no more, and for every curse, a cursed blessing.
"Ahh, the Great Runes are the stuff of the Demigods; the children of the goddess, Queen Marika. She who is vessel of the Elden Ring. Tainted by the strength of their runes, her children warred, but none could become Elden Lord."
- Finger Reader Enia
Great Runes (大ルーン, Dai Rūn ) are the shards of the Elden Ring [ 1 ] [ 2 ] which were inherited by some of the demigods. [ 3 ] The great strength they granted tainted the demigods, compelling them to war over control of the Lands Between . [ 4 ]
The Great Runes are the shards of the Elden Ring, currently making up the Golden Order , and represent the concepts of order and discipline that the demigods enforced on the physical world. [ 5 ] They were inherited by some of the demigod offspring of Queen Marika the Eternal following the shattering of the Elden Ring. The mad taint of the newfound strength granted by the Great Runes precipitated the Shattering , [ 3 ] wherein the demigods fought for control of the Lands Between. [ 4 ] The demigods who inherited Great Runes were known as Shardbearers .
The known Great Runes are as follows:
Godrick's Great Rune
Great Rune of The Unborn
Morgott's Great Rune
Malenia's Great Rune
Miquella's Great Rune
Ranni's Great Rune (mentioned only) [ 6 ]
It is unknown if the Rune of Death is considered a Great Rune.
The Great Runes reflect the demigods that inherited them. For example, Morgott's Great Rune was proof that he was born of the Golden Lineage, and the rightful Lord of Leyndell. [ 7 ] Mohg, Lord of Blood's Great Rune was soaked with accursed blood from his devout love for the wretched mire he was born into. [ 8 ] Morgott's and Mohg's Great Runes were naturally similar due to their bearers being twins. [ 8 ] Malenia, Blade of Miquella's Great Rune was half-rotted but infused with Malenia's spirit of resistance. [ 9 ]
Miquella of the Haligtree and Ranni the Witch are the only Shardbearers known to have discarded their Great Runes. [ 6 ] The whereabouts of Ranni's Great Rune remain unknown. Miquella relinquishes and breaks his Great Rune after the Tarnished crosses into one of three areas of the Land of Shadow : the eastern half of Scadu Altus , the Rauh Base region, or Shadow Keep .
The Tarnished , upon returning to the Lands Between, were compelled by the Two Fingers to seek out demigods to relieve them of their Great Runes in order to become Elden Lord . [ 10 ] [ 11 ] The Tarnished required one Great Rune to be granted audience with the Two Fingers in the inner chamber of the Roundtable Hold . [ 12 ] They also required enough Great Runes to repair the Elden Ring before the Two Fingers would permit them to enter Leyndell, Royal Capital to have an audience with Queen Marika to become Elden Lord. [ 13 ] During the course of the game, this is two Great Runes, however since the Shardbearer Morgott, the Omen King guards the entrance to the Erdtree and must be killed to access it, they will have at least three when granted audience. Finger Reader Enia has only ever seen two Great Runes together once before this. [ 14 ]
When initially obtained by the player, a Great Rune (except the Great Rune of the Unborn) would be devoid of any benediction, and had to be taken to the Divine Tower mentioned in its description, whereupon it would be restored by interacting with the image of the Great Rune above the inert Two Fingers at the summit of the tower. Further, a Rune Arc was required for The Tarnished (Protagonist) to be granted the blessing of a Great Rune after restoring it.
The Great Runes acquired by The Tarnished were used to repair the Elden Ring in at least one ending .
Localisation Notes In English, Enia calls the player a Shardbearer after they acquire a Great Rune, [ 15 ] however, in Japanese she simply calls them "Master of the/a Great Rune" (大ルーンの主, Dai Rūn no Omo .)
In English, Enia calls the player a Shardbearer after they acquire a Great Rune, [ 15 ] however, in Japanese she simply calls them "Master of the/a Great Rune" (大ルーンの主, Dai Rūn no Omo .)
"Great Rune" was rumored to be the title of Elden Ring prior to the game's announcement. [ 16 ] Prior to Elden Ring's announcement, From Software game modder TKGP discovered the project code name "GR", thought to refer to the rumored "Great Rune", in the data files of Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice . [ 17 ]
Prior to Elden Ring's announcement, From Software game modder TKGP discovered the project code name "GR", thought to refer to the rumored "Great Rune", in the data files of Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice . [ 17 ]
Cut content indicates that at least some of the Great Runes were planned to have actual names. The cut Abundance Twinblade and Abundance and Decay Twinblade , weapons make reference to "the Rune of Abundance" and the "the Rune of Decay" in their descriptions belonging to Miquella and Malenia respectively. In the Chinese 1.0 text, the Grafted Blade Greatsword refers to "the Rune of Grafting" (“接肢”的卢恩, “Jiē Zhī” de Lú'ēn ), presumably Godrick's Great Rune.
The cut Abundance Twinblade and Abundance and Decay Twinblade , weapons make reference to "the Rune of Abundance" and the "the Rune of Decay" in their descriptions belonging to Miquella and Malenia respectively.
In the Chinese 1.0 text, the Grafted Blade Greatsword refers to "the Rune of Grafting" (“接肢”的卢恩, “Jiē Zhī” de Lú'ēn ), presumably Godrick's Great Rune.
↑ en.bandainamcoent.eu :: "ELDEN RING | Official Website (EN)"
↑ Finger Reader Enia : "" Brave Tarnished, your Great Rune is a handsome shard of the Elden Ring. ""
↑ 3.0 3.1 Intro Cutscene: " Soon, Marika's offspring, demigods all, claimed the shards of the Elden Ring. The mad taint of their newfound strength triggered the Shattering."
↑ 4.0 4.1 Finger Reader Enia : " Tainted by the strength of their runes, her children warred, but none could become Elden Lord. "
↑ Edge, 'Boss Encounter', The Hidetaka Miyazaki Interview Hidetaka Miyazaki: " The rings that you’re looking at in the logo are not so much a representation of those factions, as you put it, but

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Rune of Death
The Rune of Death is an important Lore item in Elden Ring . It cannot actually be obtained by the player, but nevertheless is very important to Elden Ring's overall story and narrative.
This world is in dire need of repair... and Death...indiscriminate..." - Melina
When Queen Marika became a god, she ushered in a new age marked with abundance and riddled with conflict. Centered around the Erdtree , she began a new order by confining Destined Death. According to Enia ; " the Rune of Death goes by two names; the other is Destined Death. The forbidden shadow, plucked from the Golden Order upon its creation... " Because of this, those within the Golden Order would be granted unending life and Queen Marika would earn the moniker of "the Eternal". The Rune of Death was entrusted to her shadowbound beast Maliketh and sealed within his Black Blade after the defeat of the Godskin Apostles and their leader . Marika's sole need of her shadow was a vessel to lock away Destined Death. The black flame used by the Godskin Apostles could once slay gods, but when Maliketh sealed Destined Death, its true power was lost. Long ago, Gurranq the Beast Clergyman was a beast of such terrifying ferocity that his former name meant "Death of the Demigods".
On the night of the dire plot, Ranni rewarded Praetor Rykard with the Blasphemous Claw . Should the coming trespass one day transpire, it would serve as a last-resort foil, allowing Rykard to challenge Maliketh the Black Blade, the black beast of Destined Death. Ranni had stolen a fragment of the Rune of Death and used it to empower the black knives used by the assassins who slew Godwyn the Golden on the Night of the Black Knives . However, two demigods perished at the same time, breaking the carved cursemark into two half-wheels. Ranni was the first of the demigods whose flesh perished, while the Prince of Death perished in soul alone. The assassins had to flee from the capital after committing the act. Later, the Rune of Death spread across the Lands Between through the underground roots of the Greattree, sprouting in the form of Deathroot . When Deathroot appeared in the Lands Between, Those Who Live in Death soon followed. After a fragment of Death was stolen on that fateful night, Maliketh bound the blade within his own flesh, such that none might ever rob Death again.
When sealed the Rune of Death does not prevent all manner of death. During Marika's reign, there are various wars and multitudes of deaths occurring from people getting slain. Even the player will consistently die and kill throughout the game. This is why it is important to understand its other name; "Destined Death" or fated death. It can essentially be thought of governing the natural point at which living things would inevitably die. Which is why when it is sealed the people of the Golden Order do not die from natural causes or old age, nor can the Erdtree be completely burned as part of its prophesied end before the Rune of Death is unsealed.
Destined Death is also attributed to a gameplay mechanic of reducing maximum HP as a debuff and continuing to sap current HP for a very short time as a damage over time (dot) effect. It does not kill the player nor enemies instantly.
Maliketh , Black Blade Kindred , Black Knife Assassins , and Vulgar Militiamen can each apply the Destined Death affect.
Maliketh's Black Blade , the Black Knife , and the Black Blade incantation can each apply the Destined Death affect.
In an interview with Edge Magazine (#367 Boss Encounter by Jason Killingsworth ), Hidetaka Miyazaki sited the 1978 tabletop game Rune Quest as one of his inspirations for Elden Ring's creation. It is then possible that the Rune of Death was inspired by the Death Rune from Rune Quest .
Robe made by sewing together patches of smooth skin. Worn by the Godskin Apostles.
The apostles, once said to serve Destined Death, are wielders of the god-slaying black flame.
But after their defeat by Maliketh, the Black Blade, the source of their power was sealed away.
A black flame incantation of the Godskin Apostles.
Sweeps a wide area before the caster with black flame. Charging enhances range.
The black flame could once slay gods. But when Maliketh sealed Destined Death, the true power of the black flame was lost.
Remembrance of Maliketh, the Black Blade, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Maliketh was a shadowbound beast given to his Empyrean. Marika's sole need of her shadow was a vessel to lock away Destined Death. Even then, she betrayed him.
Power gleaned from the remembrance of Maliketh.
Caster creates an illusory black blade, then leaps forward to deliver a spinning slash that emits a wave of light. This can be followed up with one additional attack.
This blade was once imbued with Destined Death. In addition to dealing damage, it reduces foes' maximum HP and continues to sap their current HP for a very short time.
Beast's helm made of black iron and decorated with gold. Worn by Maliketh the Black Blade.
Maliketh, Queen Marika's loyal half-brother, bore a blade imbued with Destined Death, and there was not one demigod who did not fear him.
Champions knew what was at stake. Indeed, that is what made them champions.
High quality garb adorned with fine golden embroidery.
Travel attire worn by nobles in the capital. Terribly faded and tattered.
Abandoning their birthplace after the Shattering, these undead wanderers are the pitiful product of unending life.
A slab of rock engraved with traces of the Rune of Death.
Can deflect the power of the Black Blade.
On the night of the dire plot, Ranni rewarded Praetor Rykard with these traces. Should the coming trespass one day transpire, they would serve as a last-resort foil, allowing Rykard to challenge Maliketh the Black Blade, the black beast of Destined Death.
Dagger once belonging to one of the assassins who murdered Godwyn the Golden on the Night of the Black Knives.
A ritual performed on the oddly misshapen blade imbued it with the power of the stolen Rune of Death.
Legendary ashen remains. Use to summon the spirit of Black Knife Tiche.
Tiche was one of the assassins who, on the night of the plot, imbued her black knife with the Rune of Death and slew Godwyn the Golden.
She was the daughter of the Black Knife Ringleader, Alecto, and was killed protecting her mother during their flight from the royal capital.
A source that gives rise to Those Who Live in Death.
The beast clergyman, found at Bestial Sanctum in the distant east, collects and devours these roots.
On the night of the dire plot the stolen Rune of Death enabled the first Death of a demigod. Later, the Rune of Death spread across the Lands Between through the underground roots of the Greattree, sprouting in the form of Deathroot.
Maliketh's black blade which once harbored the power of the Rune of Death. A sad shadow of its former glory.
After a fragment of Death was stolen on that fateful night, Maliketh bound the blade within his own flesh, such that none might ever rob Death again.
Metal greatshield painted with a sun in eclipse. Carried by the headless mausoleum knights.
The eclipsed sun, drained of color, is the protective star of soulless demigods. It aids the mausoleum knights by keeping Destined Death at bay.
Dagger given to one who set out on a journey to fulfill her duty long ago. The power of its former owner, the kindling maiden, is still apparent.
The one who walks alongside flame, shall one day meet the road of Destined Death.
Claw-marked stone eye received from Gurranq, Beast Clergyman.
It is said to tremble when near Deathroot.
The murky violet iris writhes as if alive. "I am not sated... Feed me more...Death..."
Rune gestated by Fia, the Deathbed Companion. Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord.
Formed of the two hallowbrand half-wheels combined, it will embed the principle of life within Death into Order.
The Golden Order was created by confining Destined Death. Thus, this new Order will be one of Death restored.
I am the witch Ranni. I stole Death long ago, and search now for the dark path. That I might one day upend the whole of it, and rid the world of all that came before.
Indeed, I am the witch Ranni. I stole a fragment of the Rune of Death, and used it to forge the godslaying black knives through fearsome rite.
But I would not acquiesce to the Two Fingers. I stole the Rune of Death, slew mine own Empyrean flesh, casting it away. I would not be controlled by that thing.
The burning of the Erdtree is the first cardinal sin. And you say you seek the power of the Rune of Death, too? The Rune of Death goes by two names; the other is Destined Death. The forbidden shadow, plucked from the Golden Order upon its creation... Unleashing the rune now would be unthinkable... The Fingers would never permit it. Nor would the Greater Will. ... But here we are... The Fingers, dormant, severing our link to the Greater Will. The realm, and all life, in ruins. Impossible events transpire, beyond the ken of the Fingers. Who is to say that the cardinal sin must be cardinal forever?
You must find kindling. Only the smoldering flame in the Great Forge of the Giants, on the highest peak in the Lands Between, can burn the Erdtree. But special kindling is required to reignite the flame. For the flame to burn the Erdtree, a sacrifice is needed. Of one who envisions the flame. And can lead you to the Rune of Death.
The Rune of Death is unbound, and the Lands Between are shrouded by Death's dark fate. But the flames will also burn the impenetrable thorns. Farewell it is, then. You'll be Elden Lord yet.
I shall see to the kindling. It is a purpose which I choose to fulfill. So, please... Leave the frenzied flame alone.
I have long observed the Lands Between. This world is in dire need of repair... and Death...indiscriminate... Are you prepared... To commit a cardinal sin?
O Erdtree, you shall burn. Burn, for the sake of the new Lord. Thank you. For guiding me here. The one who walks alongside flame, Shall one day meet the road of Destined Death. Good-bye.
You... have inherited the Frenzied Flame. A pity. You are no longer fit. Our journey together ends here. And remember... Should you rise as the Lord of Chaos, I will kill you, as sure as night follows day. Such is my duty, for allowing you the strength of runes.
Lord of Frenzied Flame... I will seek you, as far as you may travel... To deliver you what is yours. Destined Death.
"The Rune of Death goes by two names; the other is Destined Death. The forbidden shadow, plucked from the Golden Order upon its creation..."
- Finger Reader Enia
The Rune of Death (死のルーン, Shi no Rūn ), also known as Destined Death (運命の死, Unmei no Shi ), is a rune of the Elden Ring . The Golden Order was created by confining the Rune of Death. [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Prior to the creation of the Golden Order, the power of the Rune of Death was the source of the power of the god-slaying black flames, [ 3 ] which were channeled by the Empyrean known as the Gloam-Eyed Queen from her Godslayer Greatsword . [ 4 ] She led the Godskin Apostles , who served Destined Death, until her defeat by Maliketh, the Black Blade , the loyal shadow of Queen Marika the Eternal . Following this, the Rune of Death was sealed away and the true power of the black flame was lost. [ 3 ] [ 5 ] The sealing away of the Rune of Death was the beginning of the Golden Order, [ 2 ] and its power was harbored within Maliketh's black greatsword .
The sealing of the Rune of Death involved removing the fated deaths of the demigods from the Elden Ring, granting them immortality. [ 6 ] However, at a later point in history, during the Night of Black Knives , a fragment of the Rune of Death was stolen from Maliketh by Ranni the Witch , who used it to create the godslaying black knives through fearsome rite. [ 7 ] On that night, the Black Knife Assassins used the black knives to murder Godwyn the Golden , the first death of a demigod in all history. [ 8 ] However, due to Ranni the Witch carving the cursemark of Destined Death into her flesh at the same moment as Godwyn's death, he was unable to die a proper death and perished in soul alone, becoming the Prince of Death. [ 9 ] [ 10 ] Meanwhile, Ranni's flesh perished and her soul continued to live. [ 10 ]
Godwyn was buried below the capital at the Erdtree's roots. [ 11 ] The fragment of the Rune of Death spread through the great underground roots of the Erdtree, sprouting in the form of Deathroot , [ 12 ] and leading to the birth of Those Who Live in Death . [ 13 ]
After the Night of Black Knives, Maliketh bound his sword within his own flesh in order to ensure that none would ever steal Death again. [ 14 ] In the guise of Gurranq, the Beast Clergyman , he would attempt to reassemble the Rune of Death by consuming Deathroot. [ 15 ] To this end, he employed the likes of D, Hunter of the Dead , and later, the Tarnished to retrieve Deathroot for him from throughout the Lands Between .
The Rune of Death was later unbound by the Tarnished defeating Maliketh in Crumbling Farum Azula , in their attempt to burn the impenetrable thorns blocking the entrance to the Erdtree , in order to become Elden Lord . [ 16 ]
Maliketh, the Black Blade
May have been inspired by the Death Rune from Rune Quest, which Miyazaki has cited as an inspiration for Elden Ring. [ 17 ]
A power similar to Destined Death appears to be wielded by the Black Blade Kindred , certain Vulgar Militia , and the Baleful Shadow . However, it only inflicts damage over time, and does not reduce maximum HP like the effect of Maliketh's Black Blade, the Black Blade incantation, or the Black Knife .

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Tarnished
The Tarnished are a displaced people in Elden Ring . The hue of grace was removed from their eyes, and they were exiled from the Lands Between by Queen Marika , where their descendants would also become Tarnished.
When Godfrey, first Elden Lord was robbed of his grace, becoming Tarnished, he took with him his kinfolk and left the Lands Between. According to the Spoken Echoes of Queen Marika , Marika decreed to him and his army; " My Lord, and thy warriors. I divest each of thee of thy grace. With thine eyes dimmed, ye will be driven from the Lands Between. Ye will wage war in a land afar, where ye will live, and die. Then, after thy death, I will give back what I once claimed. Return to the Lands Between, wage war, and brandish the Elden Ring. Grow strong in the face of death. Warriors of my lord. Lord Godfrey ". When the Tarnished left the Lands Between with their Lord, one boat alone was said to have been left behind. Godfrey led the Long March of the Tarnished, where his axe was broken in battle. After it came to an end, Godfrey divested himself of kingship, becoming a simple warrior once more. Based on "his kinfolk", the appearance of the Axe Talisman , and the Warrior template text; " The most common face among the Tarnished. After all, they were all warriors once ", it could be inferred that the bulk of Godfrey's army that left with him were highland warriors much like Godfrey himself. Their various descendants then resulting in the other available templates for the Tarnished. The Shattering war concluded without a victor, and so the guidance of grace called back the Tarnished to the Lands Between, both the dead and the living. The purpose was clear; to seek to become Elden Lord. Those that lost this purpose ended up losing the guidance of grace. According to Brother Corhyn , the noble Goldmask had foresaw the coming guidance of grace before it occurred. Champions would gather at the Roundtable Hold in days long past, when the Two Fingers were masters of oration, their flesh yet full of vigor. The Two Fingers has high hopes for the Tarnished; that even if they should be wounded, even should they fall, they will continue to fight for their duty, even if the Lands Between offers no welcome to the Tarnished.
The finger maidens live to serve a chosen Tarnished, sharing their guidance and the wisdom of the Two Fingers. The guidance of grace would ensure that the pair be brought together. Or at least, such was the promise long ago. The confessors are loyal servants to the Two Fingers, ready to hunt down and quietly dispose of their enemies. The assassins were themselves once Tarnished who had strayed from guidance, and they pursued their duty in the darkness that is without grace. A few of the first Tarnished to visit the Roundtable Hold were Vargram the Raging Wolf and the Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm . Guidance drove them into confrontation, and Wilhelm was taken prisoner in the Roundtable Hold. Alberich was an aloof yet disturbed heretical sorcerer said to have been driven mad by jeering tongues during his service to the Roundtable Hold long ago. Even after exile, Brother Corhyn refused to recant his prophecies. And for this, he was blessed with the guidance of grace. Since then, the cart wheel draped on his neck has served as a reminder. That true guidance awaits those with iron wills. Those with unwavering faith. Old Knight Istvan is one of a few wizened Tarnished who survived to this day. The Great Horned Tragoth is a famed knight of assistance. Countless Tarnished, facing adversity in the Lands Between, have survived thanks only to the Great Horned One's aid. No other Tarnished was closer to the throne of the Elden Lord than Vyke . But without announcement, Vyke traveled far below the capital , and was scorched by the flame of frenzy . Did he make his choice for his maiden, or did some other force lure him with suggestion? Dolores once belonged to the Roundtable Hold, where she was both a critic and a friend of Gideon the All-Knowing . It was because of her that he and Seluvis went their separate ways. Gideon gained true knowledge after his long exchange with the Two Fingers - discovering all had been broken long ago; that the trembling fingers, bent with age, and the Erdtree itself, were no exception.
According to Bloody Finger Hunter Yura , the Bloody Fingers are " Tarnished held in thrall by cessblood. Zealots who stalk their own. If you stay the path, you are certain to face more of them. Just remember, no kinship with their ilk remains. Their madness precludes it. Don't let your emotions stay your blade" . White Mask Varre corroborates this, encouraging Tarnished to kill their finger maidens and renounce the Two Fingers in order to become Bloody Fingers and members of the Mohgwyn Dynasty . The Volcano Manor recusants are also Tarnished, welcomed in by Rykard as family. According to Bernahl , " To take power and make it his own, The recusant must hunt his own kind. To raise the flag of revolt against this sanctified pillaging. We recusants must become the most wretched of predators. All you can do is laugh ". According to Leda's Rune , Miquella gifted Leda with gentle gold to bring a soft hue to her faded eyes.
Anastasia Tarnished-Eater
Blackguard Big Boggart
Bloody Finger Nerijus
Bloody Finger Ravenmount Assassin
D, Beholder of Death (Devin)
D, Hunter of the Dead (Darian)
Dolores the Sleeping Arrow
Eleonora, Violet Bloody Finger
Ensha of the Royal Remains
Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm
Fia, Deathbed Companion
Godfrey, First Elden Lord (Hoarah Loux)
Great Horned Tragoth
Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood
Knight / Recusant Bernahl
Knights of the Great Jar
Lionel the Lionhearted
Magnus the Beast Claw
Patches the Untethered
Roderika, Spirit Tuner
Roundtable Knight Vyke
Sanguine Noble (Invader)
The Tarnished (player)
Vargram the Raging Wolf
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura has cut dialogue describing himself as a Tarnished. The reason for this cut is unknown, or if the Ravenmount Assassin is hunting him because he is a Tarnished or just because Yura has been hunting Bloody Fingers.
White Mask Varre and the Nameless White Mask invaders are war surgeons that were abducted by Mohg, Lord of Blood . The actual war they participated in is unknown, but the most recent one would be the Shattering war, involvement in which would disqualify them from being Tarnished.
Witch-Hunter Jerren displays "Bloody Finger Vanquished" when defeated after assisting Sellen , but this is most likely erroneous, as he has no other affiliation with this faction nor much other reason to believe he could be Tarnished.
Millicent's Sisters display "Bloody Finger Vanquished" when defeated after assisting Millicent , but this is most likely erroneous, as they have no other affiliation with this faction nor much other reason to believe they could be Tarnished.
Moore and Swordhand of Night Anna display "Recusant Vanquished" when defeated in their invasions, but these are most likely erroneous, as they have no other affiliation with this faction nor much other reason to believe they could be Tarnished.
Remembrance of the warrior Hoarah Loux, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
When Godfrey, first Elden Lord was robbed of his grace, becoming Tarnished, he took with him his kinfolk and left the Lands Between. After the Long March of the Tarnished came to an end, Godfrey divested himself of kingship, becoming a simple warrior once more.
Weapon of Godfrey, Elden Lord. It was broken in a battle fought as leader of the Tarnished during the Long March.
This weapon is symbolic of Godfrey's vow to conduct himself as a lord, later becoming an emblem of the golden lineage.
In the days of the past, a crown was warranted with strength.
Grace said to have once dwelled in the eyes of the inhabitants of the Lands Between; the lingering residue of gold.
Use to gain 3000 runes.
No grace resides in the eyes of the Tarnished; if it ever did, it is now lost.
A rusty anchor wielded as a weapon. Each of its four flukes is thick and sharp, enabling piercing attacks.
When the Tarnished left the Lands Between with their Lord, one boat alone was said to have been left behind.
The memory of first grace, which once guided bygone Tarnished to the Lands Between.
Lose all runes and return to last site of grace visited.
It is merely a cycle. Stand before the Elden Ring. Become the Elden Lord.
Incantation of the Two Fingers' faithful.
Heals HP for the caster and nearby allies. Hold to continue praying and delay activation.
The Two Fingers has high hopes for the Tarnished; that even if they should be wounded, even should they fall, they will continue to fight for their duty.
Increases holy damage negation. This incantation can be cast while in motion.
Follow the path that has been set for you, and you will make enemies of all others: the monks, the sorcerers, the ancient dragon knights and the scions of gold. Heed me — the Lands Between offers no welcome to the Tarnished.
Fillet worn by maidens who serve the Two Fingers.
The maidens live to serve a chosen Tarnished, sharing their guidance and the wisdom of the Two Fingers.
The guidance of grace would ensure that the pair be brought together. Or at least, such was the promise long ago.
Item for online play. (Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Attempts an invasion of another player's world. If successful, you will arrive as an invader (Recusant) with the objective of defeating the Host of Fingers of that world.
This furled finger is covered in snake scales. An heirloom of the lord of the Volcano Manor, bequeathed to Tarnished who have become family.
Arise now, ye Tarnished. Ye dead, who yet live. The call of long-lost grace speaks to us all.
- Narrator — ELDEN RING (2022)
The Tarnished or Tarnished Ones (褪せ人, Asebito ; lit. "Faded Ones/People") are a faction in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Background 2.1 The Long March 2.2 Return to the Lands Between
2.2 Return to the Lands Between
3 List of Tarnished Characters
The Tarnished are individuals who lost the grace of the Erdtree and were consequently banished from the Lands Between by Queen Marika the Eternal . Following the breaking of the Elden Ring , the Tarnished were beckoned by lost grace, fragmentary divine light from the Erdtree, to return.
In the early age of the Erdtree , Godfrey , the first Elden Lord , fought many battles throughout the Lands Between. He led the War Against the Giants , and defeated the Storm Lord . When his last enemy fell, it is said that the hue of his eyes faded. [ 1 ] Queen Marika addressed Godfrey and his warriors as she divested them of their Grace , commanding them to leave the Lands Between and travel to a faraway land , where they would wage war and die. [ 2 ] Before they departed, she promised them that after their deaths their Grace would be given back, and that they would return to the Lands Between once again, to wage war and brandish the Elden Ring. [ 3 ]
Godfrey led his kinfolk away from the Lands Between on an exodus referred to as the Long March . [ 4 ] They left their home on boats, although one was said to have been left behind. [ 5 ] The warriors who accompanied Godfrey honored him by wielding axes , [ 6 ] although Godfrey's own axe was broken in battle during the course of the march. [ 7 ] When the Long March came to an end, Godfrey divested himself of kingship and became a simple warrior once more. [ 4 ] As Hoarah Loux, [ 8 ] he became a chieftain of the Badlands , revered by its bravest warriors. [ 9 ]
The Tarnished settled in lands outside the Lands Between, and bore descendants who were also Tarnished. [ 10 ] As Queen Marika had commanded them, the Tarnished lived and died in these distant lands.
A long time after the Tarnished left the Lands Between, the Elden Ring was shattered and Queen Marika disappeared. [ 11 ] Marika's offspring, the Demigods , claimed shards of the Elden Ring . Tainted by their newfound strength, the Demigods warred in the Shattering , causing the Greater Will to abandon them. [ 12 ] With the war yielding no victor, the Guidance of Grace was extended to the Tarnished, who returned from the dead and went back to the Lands Between, guided by Grace. [ 13 ] [ 14 ] Upon setting foot in the Lands Between once more, the Tarnished received the aid of the Two Fingers , who bid them to seek the Great Runes possessed by the Demigods so as to restore the Golden Order and become Elden Lord . [ 15 ] The Tarnished, given life by Grace, [ 16 ] gained a form of immortality, [ 17 ] , allowing them to return from the dead over and over on their quest to become Elden Lord.
The Guidance of Grace brought together the Tarnished and their Finger Maidens , women in the service of the Two Fingers who were tasked with serving their appointed Tarnished. [ 18 ] The Finger Maidens would offer guidance and aid to the Tarnished, as well as turning the Runes they gathered into strength. [ 19 ] Roundtable Hold became a gathering place for the Tarnished, and was where they sought audience with the Two Fingers. [ 20 ] Among the first Tarnished to visit Roundtable Hold were Vargram the Raging Wolf [ 21 ] and Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm [ 22 ] . Vyke , a knight of the Roundtable Hold, came closer than any other Tarnished to becoming Elden Lord. However, without announcement, he disappeared below Leyndell and was scorched by the Frenzied Flame . [ 23 ] At some point, the Cursemark of Death was recovered from the body of Godwyn the Golden and taken the Roundtable. [ 24 ] Fia, the Deathbed Companion came to the Roundtable in opposition where she siphoned the vigor of champions and developed Fia's Mist , a spell that only works against the Tarnished. [ 25 ]
Although the Tarnished had once again been given Grace, some lost sight of it once more. [ 26 ] [ 27 ] [ 28 ] At least one Tarnished, Roderika , never once saw the Guidance of Grace. [ 29 ] With many Tarnished seemingly abandoned by Grace, an Elden Lord would not arise for a long time. Roundtable Hold, once the home of venerated warriors, stopped receiving visitors. [ 30 ] This would change when a Tarnished of no renown crossed the fog and made their way to the Lands Between. [ 31 ] This Tarnished would not meet a Finger Maiden to guide them [ 32 ] , but would instead be found by Melina , a mysterious woman bound to Grace who offered to play the role of maiden for them: turning Runes into strength, granting them the means to summon a spectral steed named Torrent , and extending them an invite to Roundtable Hold. [ 33 ] This Tarnished would gain audience with the Two Fingers, claim the Great Runes, and make the journey towards the Erdtree in order to become Elden Lord.
D, Beholder of Death
D, Hunter of the Dead
Knight Diallos Hoslow
Nepheli Loux, Warrior
Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing
The Tarnished (Protagonist)

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Grace
This tiny golden aura is the grace of the Erdtree. [...] The rays of grace, that guide you through your burden.
Grace (祝福, Shukufuku ), also referred to as the Grace of Gold (黄金の祝福, Ōgon no Shukufuku ), [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] is a blessing given to people throughout the Lands Between by the Elden Ring and the Erdtree that symbolizes its presence. [ 4 ] This blessing is represented by a golden light in the eyes of the inhabitants of the Lands Between. [ 5 ] Those who had grace bestowed on them, but later lost it, are known as Tarnished . [ 6 ]
1 Overview 1.1 Grace 1.2 The Guidance of Grace
1.2 The Guidance of Grace
The Lands Between are blessed by the presence of the Elden Ring and by the Erdtree, which symbolizes its presence, and this has given grace or blessing to the people throughout the land, great and small. [ 5 ]
At some point, Queen Marika the Eternal took away Grace from Godfrey, First Elden Lord and his kinfolk, turning them into Tarnished. They then left the  Lands Between in an event called the Long March of the Tarnished. [ 7 ] Long afterwards, Grace would be returned to them, or their descendants, and they would be called back to the Lands Between.
At the time of the game, when given back, Grace itself is what gives the Tarnished their life. [ 8 ]
Sometimes, the Tarnished can see golden rays of Grace that point in a particular direction, called the Guidance of Grace. It exists to guide the Tarnished and lead them along the proper path. It was also said that the guidance of grace would ensure that a Finger Maiden be brought to her chosen Tarnished. Or at least, such was the promise long ago. [ 9 ]
Even now, some sites of grace retain that power, and their golden rays can guide the Tarnished along the way. [ 10 ]
It is said that true guidance awaits those with iron wills and unwavering faith, [ 11 ] although it can be lost. [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] In fact, most Tarnished don't even see it nowadays. [ 15 ]
Those in distant lands who saw the guidance of grace were usually seen as undesirables, and were usually expatriated, after which they set to journey to the Lands Between. [ 16 ] [ 17 ] Similarly, the churches outside the Lands Between, dedicated to the teachings of the Two Fingers, sent confessors out to follow the guidance of grace.
Localisation Notes Grace is called 祝福 ( Shukufuku ), meaning "blessing" or "celebration." It can also refer specifically to "blessing (from God)" in a Christian sense. [ 18 ]
Grace is called 祝福 ( Shukufuku ), meaning "blessing" or "celebration." It can also refer specifically to "blessing (from God)" in a Christian sense. [ 18 ]

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Demigods
Demigods are beings of incredible power in Elden Ring and comprise the royalty of those in the Lands Between. These deific figures descend from either Queen Marika the Eternal or her second Lord consort Radagon of the Golden Order . In the base game most of the Demigods go on to claim Great Runes of the shattered Elden Ring and vie for power in a struggle known as the Shattering . The first of the Demigods would be the Golden Linage descending from Queen Marika and Godfrey, First Elden Lord. Radagon would first wed Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon and together they have Demigod children who became prominent members of the Carian Royal Family . This family would become fractured when Radagon leaves Rennala to become the second Elden Lord after Godfrey is divested of Grace. Radagon and Marika have Demigod children together who would also gain the title of Empyreans .
Most of these Demigods will drop Remembrances when defeated, allowing the player to trade them in for spells, weapons, or items unique to the Demigods at the Roundtable Hold with Enia . They can also be used to gain a significant amount of runes instead. Additionally after their defeat some of the Demigods apparel will become available for purchase from Enia. Some apparel of the Demigods can be altered at sites of grace but requires the Golden Tailoring Tools and Golden Sewing Needle from the Church of Vows in order to do so. Boc can also provide this service for free after progressing his questline and after acquiring one of the applicable armor pieces. The applicable armor pieces are; Radahn's Lion Armor, Lord of Blood's Robe , and Messmer's Helm .
Outer Gods ♦ Gods & Deities
Hear me, Demigods. My children beloved.
Make of thyselves that which ye desire.
Be it a Lord. Be it a God.
But should ye fail to become aught at all, ye will be forsaken.
Amounting only to sacrifices.
A spirit NPC at the Church of Pilgrimage recounts that "... The mausoleum prowls. Cradling the soulless demigod. O Marika, Queen Eternal. He is your unwanted child." Since the majority of the demigod remembrances come from shardbearers, only five Wandering Mausoleums can duplicate them. They can be denoted by their chiming bell, including the one the spirit speaks of.
Sir Gideon has various remarks about the demigod shardbearers, and he rewards the player for information about those he has yet to locate.
Long ago Gurranq was a beast of such terrifying ferocity that his former name meant "Death of the Demigods".
Many conflicts involving the Demigods are written on Sword Monuments that can be found all across the Lands Between.
A fetid, overgrown cyst taken from facial flesh.
Greatly raises vitality.
It is said that this cyst came from the corrupted visage of one unable to die a true Death. Indeed, it comes from the Prince of Death, scion of the golden bough and First of the Dead among the demigods.
Greataxe wielded by Godrick the Grafted.
This golden battleaxe is emblazoned with the figure of a beast, representing the strength of Godfrey, First Elden Lord and patriarch of the golden lineage.
"I command thee kneel! For I am the lord of all that is golden!"
Legendary ashen remains. Use to summon the spirit of Kristoff, the Ancient Dragon Knight.
Spirit of Kristoff, an honorable knight of Leyndell who was also a devout worshipper of the ancient dragons. His skills strike down foes with thunderbolts, the dragons' weapon of choice.
After the First Defense of Leyndell, Kristoff earned the hero's honor of Erdtree Burial for the feat of capturing Godefroy the Grafted.
Doll of a curseborn bairn from the Erdtree's royal line. Uses FP to unleash many wraiths that chase down foes.
Omen babies born of royalty do not have their horns excised, but instead are kept underground, unbeknownst to anyone, imprisoned for eternity.
These memorial fetishes are fashioned in secret .
A fetish bathed in golden magic. Shackles were used to bind the accursed people called the Omen, and these ones were made to keep a particular Omen under strictest confinement.
Though faint, the shackles still retain vestiges of power — enough to trap the once-bound Mohg on earth, if only for a short time.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a man-serpent.
Spirit of a deformed man-serpent that wields a whip of magma.
It is said that long ago, the elder serpent that dwelled on Mt. Gelmir devoured a demigod, and the birth of the man-serpents followed.
A talisman engraved with a scene from a heroic tale.
The mightiest hero of the demigods confronted the falling stars alone—and thus did he crush them, his conquest sealing the very fate of the stars.
Cursemark carved into the discarded flesh of Ranni the Witch. Also known as the half-wheel wound of the centipede.
This cursemark was carved at the moment of Death of the first demigod, and should have taken the shape of a circle.
However, two demigods perished at the same time, breaking the cursemark into two half-wheels.
Ranni was the first of the demigods whose flesh perished, while the Prince of Death perished in soul alone.
One of the incantations of the Golden Order fundamentalists. A gift of gratitude to the young Miquella from his father, Radagon.
Produces a golden ring of light and fires it across a wide area. Charging enhances range.
And yet, the young Miquella abandoned fundamentalism, for it could do nothing to treat Malenia's accursed rot. This was the beginning of unalloyed gold.
Winged helm made of unalloyed gold. Worn by Malenia, Blade of Miquella.
Malenia awaited Miquella at the foot of the husk.
“My brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god – he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all.”
The kindling that burned inside Messmer the Impaler. A dark thing, eaten away at by a wicked serpent.
Burns the sealing tree said to be found at the old Rauh ruins.
Messmer, much like his younger sister, bore a vision of fire.
A finely-made "redshield" featuring an engraving of a winged serpent. Excels at guarding against fire.
Said to have been made to commemorate the beginnings of the crusade started by Messmer, son of Marika.
Marika's offspring, demigods all, claimed the shards of the Elden Ring known as the Great Runes, and the mad taint of their newfound strength triggered a war: The Shattering.
A war that meant abandonment by the Greater Will.
You wish to know more of Lord Radagon? Lord Radagon was a great champion, possessed of flowing red locks. He came to these lands at the head of a great golden host, when he met Lady Rennala in battle. He soon repented his territorial aggressions though, and became husband to the Carian Queen. However, when Godfrey, first Elden Lord, was hounded from the Lands Between, Radagon left Rennala to return to the Erdtree Capital, becoming Queen Marika's second husband and King Consort, taking the title... of second Elden Lord. The mystery endures, to this day... As to why Lord Radagon would cast Lady Rennala aside... and moreover...why a mere champion would be chosen for the seat of Elden Lord.
Ahh, Great Runes are the stuff of demigods: the children of the goddess, Queen Marika. She who is vessel of the Elden Ring. Tainted by the strength of their runes, her children warred, but none could become Elden Lord. And so grace was extended, to your kind, the Tarnished.
Listen, the Fingers speak.
"The Greater Will has long renounced the demigods. Tarnished, show no mercy. Have their heads. Take all they have left." ...Indeed. But remember one thing. The demigods are each and all the direct offspring of Queen Marika. Godrick the Grafted was but a distant relation... The runt of the litter, his divine blood sorely diluted.
Hear me, Demigods. My children beloved. Make of thyselves that which ye desire. Be it a Lord. Be it a God. But should ye fail to become aught at all, ye will be forsaken. Amounting only to sacrifices.
- Queen Marika the Eternal — as quoted by Melina
Demigods (デミゴッド, Demigoddo ) are special beings found in the Lands Between . They are the majority of the primary characters in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 List of Demigods 2.1 The Golden Lineage 2.2 Carian Royal Family 2.3 Twin Prodigies 2.4 Soulless Demigods
2.1 The Golden Lineage
2.2 Carian Royal Family
2.4 Soulless Demigods
The Lands Between are ruled by a family of demigods, heroes with an especially powerful blessing received from the blood of Queen Marika the Eternal . [ 1 ] They are immortals due to their fated deaths being removed from the Elden Ring [ 2 ] when Queen Marika created the Golden Order by sealing the Rune of Death . [ 3 ]
During the Night of Black Knives , a fragment of the Rune of Death enabled the murder of Godwyn the Golden. [ 4 ] This was the first death of a demigod in all history, [ 5 ] and it was after this that the demigods began to fall. [ 6 ] At an unknown period, Queen Marika told her demigod children to make of themselves that which they desired, whether it be a Lord, or a God. However, she also declared that if they failed to become anything at all, they would be forsaken, and amount only to a sacrifice. [ 7 ]
These events were precursors to the shattering of the Elden Ring , [ 8 ] whereupon several of the demigods inherited Great Runes , becoming known as Shardbearers . [ 9 ] The mad taint of the strength granted by their Great Runes triggered the Shattering , a war in which the demigods fought for control of the Lands Between. However, no lord arose from the Shattering, and the demigods were abandoned by the Greater Will . [ 10 ]
Upon their return to the Lands Between, the Tarnished were impelled by the Two Fingers to seek out the demigods and relieve them of their Great Runes. [ 11 ] At least three of the demigods were slain by The Tarnished in their quest to become Elden Lord.
The first Demigods were Godfrey, First Elden Lord and his descendants, known as the Golden Lineage . [ 12 ] The confirmed members of the Golden Lineage are Morgott, the Omen King , [ 13 ] his twin Mohg, Lord of Blood , [ 14 ] Godrick the Grafted , [ 15 ] Godefroy the Grafted , [ 16 ] and the Grafted Scions . [ 17 ] Godwyn the Golden's name, title, and the pattern on his clothing suggests his descendancy from the Golden Lineage. [ 18 ]
Godrick the Grafted was only a distant relation, his divine blood linking him to Marika sorely diluted, [ 19 ] indicating unseen generations of Golden Lineage demigods. According to Kenneth Haight , Godrick is the last of the Golden Lineage, but the Grafted Scions are also suggested to be the dregs of the Golden Lineage. [ 17 ]
When Godfrey was divested of his Grace , he became Tarnished , [ 20 ] and lost his demigod status.
After Godfrey was hounded from the Lands Between, Radagon became King Consort and second Elden Lord by marrying Queen Marika. [ 21 ] This led to the children he conceived with Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon becoming demigod stepchildren, including Starscourge Radahn , [ 22 ] Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy , [ 23 ] and Ranni the Witch . [ 24 ]
The union of Radagon and Marika led to the birth of at least two more demigods, the twins Miquella of the Haligtree and Malenia, Blade of Miquella , however they suffered afflictions from birth; the former was born with a curse of eternal childhood, and the latter harbored Scarlet Rot within. [ 25 ]
The Wandering Mausoleums found throughout the Lands Between cradle the corpses of soulless demigods . At least eight demigods became these soulless demigods, and at least one of them is an unwanted child of Queen Marika's. [ 26 ] They are guarded by the Mausoleum Knights , who watch over a soulless demigod until their resurrection. [ 27 ]
According to Finger Reader Enia , the demigods are each and all the direct offspring of Queen Marika. [ 28 ]
According to the Overview Trailer, the demigods are "those who have inherited the blood of Queen Marika the Eternal." [ 29 ]
It is often speculated that the Kindling Maiden Melina may be a demigod, as she is called "Daughter Marika" internally and states her mother is inside the Erdtree . [ 30 ] Furthermore, she is bound by Grace , [ 31 ] [ 32 ] quotes ancient words of Marika, [ 33 ] and implied to be the younger sister of Messmer the Impaler . [ 34 ] [ 35 ] Like Messmer, Melina is associated with a butterfly and is fated to fulfill a purpose. [ 36 ] [ 37 ] [ 38 ] [ 39 ]
According to game director Hidetaka Miyazaki, the main demigod bosses of the game were initially written by George R. R. Martin. [ 40 ] As part of the creative process, Martin wrote the initial characters as grand heroes, and From Software took them developed the way in which their Great Runes misshaped and distorted them. [ 41 ]
Localisation Notes Rather than "unwanted child", the soulless demigod(s) of the mausoleum is referred to as Queen Marika's "ugly bastard" or "ugly spawn." (醜い落とし子, Minikui otoshi-ko .)
Rather than "unwanted child", the soulless demigod(s) of the mausoleum is referred to as Queen Marika's "ugly bastard" or "ugly spawn." (醜い落とし子, Minikui otoshi-ko .)
Queen Marika the Eternal
Night of Black Knives
Elden Ring (concept)

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Frenzied Flame
It is not to be meddled with. It is chaos, devouring life and thought unending.
- Melina — warning the Tarnished over the dangers of the Frenzied Flame.
The Frenzied Flame (狂い火, Kurui Hi ), also called Yellow Flame of Frenzy (黄色い狂い火, Kiiroi Kurui Hi ) [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] and Yellow Flame of Chaos (混沌の黄色い火, Konton no Kiiroi Hi ), [ 6 ] is a force that manifests in the eyes of those stricken by maddening grief and suffering. It is feared by many for its uncanny ability to destroy individuality, capable of melting away even eternal spirits. Those deeply stricken by its folly develop an insatiable need to spread its influence further, willingly seeking to infect others with it. These patients known by some as Chaos Followers , yearn for the arrival of their lord so that they may incinerate all that divides and distinguishes.
One of the unique properties of the flame, destroying individuality, manifests mainly in its ability to seemingly brainwash those it has afflicted. Many patients are capable repeating the same crys and phrases as each other despite never having interacted with one another (the most notable of these phrases being "Melt it all away..." and "May chaos take the world!" repeated ad nauseam). Seemingly blending their minds into a single, hivemind-like state.
A chosen few of those afflicted are capable of transforming into the Lord of Frenzied Flame after death. The strength of a lord can seemingly vary depending on who its original host was, with several having proven to be capable of becoming one, however many of them were either too non-committal or physically feeble to accomplish anything, causing them to be considered frauds and failures in the eyes of their followers. Once a Lord of Frenzied Flame manifests, the head of the original host is replaced by a black hole with yellow flames spewing out of its core, completely erasing any trace of the original host's identity.
The origins of the flame is unclear, as the flame itself is said to have made its first appearance in the empty eye sockets of Shabriri , after his eyes were gouged out in punishment for slander. However, its incantations, the most powerful means that the flame manifests itself through, are also said to have come from the Three Fingers . It is also the clasp of Three Fingers that appoints a specific subject to become a Lord of Frenzied Flame.
Even without direct influence of the Three Fingers, the flame is capable of appearing on its own in sites of great suffering, such as the ninth campsite of Mt. Gelmir , where it has appeared in the eyes of Leyndell Soldiers suffering from the trauma of a particularly appalling battle. It has also appeared in the eyes of the surface-dwelling Nomadic Merchants , and while they are unable to settle and are forced to move around the lands constantly, their relative freedom gives them enough comfort to endure only minor symptoms, enabling some them the ability to have fairly normal conversations with average passerby. Uttering the mantras of the Chaos Followers only when attacked or dying at the hands of murderous highwaymen.
Some have willingly pursued the Frenzied Flame in an attempt to use it as a powerful weapon, however every attempt to control the flame has ended in failure and left the people who pursued it with irreparable psychological damage.
In a cruel twist of fate, the fear the world has for the flame has only supported its growth, as any attempt to quell it through the punishment and subjugation of its subjects has only intensified and worsened their symptoms, allowing the flame to fester more deeply into its hosts, becoming more powerful and widespread as their own suffering increases. Primary example of this being the Golden Order's punishment of the Great Caravan , after they were accused of heretical beliefs and the Hornsent's damnation of Midra and his entourage, after their attempt of studying of the flame. Both events would eventually lead to the near-or-complete successful manifestation of the Lord of Frenzied Flame .
One of the unalloyed gold needles that Miquella crafted to ward away the meddling of outer gods iscapable of subduing the flame of frenzy if inherited, allowing one to cheat fate and avoid becoming Lord of Frenzied Flame. However, the needle is as yet unfinished and can only be used in the heart of the storm beyond time said to be found in Farum Azula . [ 7 ]
Items related to or referencing the Frenzied Flame
Roped Frenzied Flame Pot
Hefty Frenzied Flame Pot
Surging Frenzied Flame
Remembrance of the Lord of Frenzied Flame
Frenzied's Cookbook [1]
Frenzied's Cookbook [2]
Mad Craftsman's Cookbook [1]
Mad Craftsman's Cookbook [2]
Mad Craftsman's Cookbook [3]
Midra's Flame of Frenzy
Frenzyflame Perfume Bottle
Flame Crest Wooden Shield
Fingerprint Stone Shield
Nomadic Merchant's Chapeau
Nomadic Merchant's Finery
Nomadic Merchant's Finery (Altered)
Fingerprint Armor (Altered)
Fingerprint Gauntlets
Nomadic Merchant's Trousers
Note: Frenzied Flame Village
Note: The Lord of Frenzied Flame
Note: Miquella's Needle
The Ailing Village of Callu. Home to several madness afflicted commoners.
The Frenzied Flame Village . An even larger settlement of ailing inhabitants.
Afflicted commoners manifesting the flame of frenzy through a collective chant of despair.
The resulting flame.
The flame's ability to blend minds together may have been more apparent in an earlier version of ELDEN RING (2022) . As the brotherhood of Nomadic Merchants that can be encountered throughout the world would mention that they fear going to sleep, as while in sleep, they would feel as if their minds would rapidly drift and switch between each other, leaving all of them bewildered and confused on who they really are when they wake up.

---

area: Caelid
chapter: 9
name: Scarlet Rot
Scarlet Rot is a Status Effect in Elden Ring . Status Effects are various buffs or ailments that apply either a beneficial or detrimental effect to the target. Status Effects can be applied on both enemies and players alike. Status Effects are triggered after a buildup meter is filled by repeated application of attacks that cause the effect. Both players and enemies can have varying resistances to a given Status Effect.
Scarlet Rot does damage over time based on the target's health. Damage does not scale with weapon. The effect deals damage at a faster rate than poison, but has an overall shorter duration. Immunity will slow the buildup of the effect on players, but will not affect the damage taken from the proc.
Targets afflicted with Scarlet Rot lose HP and take damage.
Scarlet Rot on weapons, The Poison Flower Blooms Twice , and the Rot Pot inflict (0.18% Max HP) + 15 per second for 90 seconds, for a total of 16.2% Max HP + 1350 damage over its full duration.
Scarlet Rot on Hefty Rot Pot , Rotten Breath , Ekzykes's Decay , Rotten Butterflies and Scarlet Aeonia inflict (0.33% Max HP) + 13 per second for 90 seconds, for a total of 29.7% Max HP + 1170 damage over its full duration.
Malenia's Scarlet Rot inflicts (3.3% Max HP) + 26 per second for 300 seconds.
The Swamp of Aeonia's Scarlet Rot inflicts (2% Max HP) + 8 per second for 180 seconds.
The Lake of Rot's Scarlet Rot inflicts (2% Max HP) + 30 per second for 180 seconds.
Proccing Scarlet Rot activates the bonuses of the Mushroom Crown , Kindred of Rot's Exultation , and Poisoned Hand
Immunity will slow the buildup of the effect on players but will not affect the damage taken from the proc. Immunity can be increased by adding points to Vigor .
The Poison Flower Blooms Twice will remove procced Scarlet Rot when the kick lands on the enemy.
This section lists information pertaining to the Scarlet Rot effect and its relation to Players
The following weapons cause the Scarlet Rot effect:
Antspur Rapier (Thrusting Sword) (55)
Poleblade of the Bud (Halberd) (55)
Rotten Battle Hammer (Warhammer) (65)
Rotten Crystal Spear (Spear) (55)
Rotten Crystal Staff (Staff) (50)
Rotten Crystal Sword (Straight Sword) (50)
Rotten Greataxe (Colossal Weapon) (65)
Rotten Staff (Colossal Weapon) (75)
Scorpion's Stinger (Dagger) (50)
The following Skills & Spells cause the Scarlet Rot effect:
Skills: Romina's Purification The Poison Flower Blooms Twice
Romina's Purification
The Poison Flower Blooms Twice
Incantations: Ekzykes's Decay Rotten Breath Rotten Butterflies Scarlet Aeonia
The following are other sources of the Scarlet Rot effect:
Consumables: Black-key Bolt Drawstring Rot Grease Hefty Rot Pot Rotbone Arrow Rotbone Arrow (Fletched) Rotbone Bolt Rot Grease Rot Pot
Drawstring Rot Grease
Rotbone Arrow (Fletched)
Spirit Ashes: Cleanrot Knight Finlay Ashes Mimic Tear Ashes (rot weapons/items/spells equipped) Rotten Stray Ashes
Cleanrot Knight Finlay Ashes
Mimic Tear Ashes (rot weapons/items/spells equipped)
The following Equipment , Skills , Spells and Items offer resistance to the Scarlet Rot effect:
Dappled White Cured Meat
Eclipse Crest Greatshield
Immunizing Cured Meat
Immunizing Horn Charm
Immunizing White Cured Meat
The following Skills , Spells and Items can be used to remove the Scarlet Rot effect:
This section lists information pertaining to the Scarlet Rot effect and its relation to Enemies and Bosses .
The following Enemies , NPC s, Invaders , Bosses and Environmental hazards can inflict the Scarlet Rot effect on players:
Environmental hazards - pools of Scarlet Rot encountered at these locations Swamp near entrance to Gaol Cave Abandoned Cave Caelid Catacombs Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree Lake of Rot Minor Erdtree Catacombs Swamp of Aeonia War-Dead Catacombs
Swamp near entrance to Gaol Cave
Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree
Minor Erdtree Catacombs
Enemy Giant Land Squirt ( Swamp of Aeonia ) Lesser Cleanrot Knight Lesser Crystalian ( Elphael Brace of the Haligtree ) Lesser Ulcerated Tree Spirit Putrid Corpse Rotten Ancestral Follower (present in 1.00 version) Rotten Ancestral Follower Shaman (present in 1.00 version) Rotten Duelist Rotten Giant Miranda Sprout Rotten Miranda Sprout Rotten Stray
Giant Land Squirt ( Swamp of Aeonia )
Lesser Cleanrot Knight
Lesser Crystalian ( Elphael Brace of the Haligtree )
Lesser Ulcerated Tree Spirit
Rotten Ancestral Follower (present in 1.00 version)
Rotten Ancestral Follower Shaman (present in 1.00 version)
Rotten Giant Miranda Sprout
Rotten Miranda Sprout
NPC & Invaders Great-Jar Warrior (random chance when playing online, not present offline) Maleigh Marais, Shaded Castle Castellan Moore Rileigh the Idle
Great-Jar Warrior (random chance when playing online, not present offline)
Maleigh Marais, Shaded Castle Castellan
Boss Cleanrot Knight Commander O'Neil Decaying Ekzykes Fia's Champions (random chance when playing online , not present offline) Malenia, Goddess of Rot (Stray) Mimic Tear - if player, upon entering boss fight arena, can inflict Scarlet Rot Putrid Avatar Putrid Crystalians Putrid Grave Warden Duelist Putrid Tree Spirit Romina, Saint of the Bud Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing (if Malenia is killed before defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade )
Fia's Champions (random chance when playing online , not present offline)
Malenia, Goddess of Rot
(Stray) Mimic Tear - if player, upon entering boss fight arena, can inflict Scarlet Rot
Putrid Grave Warden Duelist
Romina, Saint of the Bud
Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing (if Malenia is killed before defeating Maliketh, the Black Blade )
The following Enemies , NPC , Invaders and Bosses are weak to the Scarlet Rot effect. Weakness indicates a target has a much lower threshold for the effect, requiring fewer applications to fill the build up meter and trigger the effect.
Enemy Banished Knight (early-game) Wildlife Creatures
Banished Knight (early-game)
NPC & Invaders Baleful Shadow Blaidd Mad Tongue Alberich
Boss Ancient Hero of Zamor Demi-Human Chief Demi-Human Queen Maggie Demi-Human Queen Margot Divine Beast Dancing Lion Frenzied Duelist Godfrey, First Elden Lord Godrick the Grafted Godskin Apostle Godskin Duo Godskin Noble Margit, the Fell Omen Promised Consort Radahn (first phase) Rellana, Twin Moon Knight Tree Sentinel Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing Spirit-Caller Snail Starscourge Radahn (Stray) Mimic Tear
Ancient Hero of Zamor
Demi-Human Queen Maggie
Demi-Human Queen Margot
Divine Beast Dancing Lion
Godfrey, First Elden Lord
Margit, the Fell Omen
Promised Consort Radahn (first phase)
Rellana, Twin Moon Knight
Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing
The following Enemies , NPC , Invaders and Bosses are resistant to the Scarlet Rot effect. Resistance indicates a target has a much higher threshold for the effect, requiring many more applications to fill the build up meter and finally trigger the effect.
Enemy Ancestral Follower Ancestral Follower Shaman Lesser Cleanrot Knight Lesser Crucible Knight Miners
Ancestral Follower Shaman
Lesser Crucible Knight
NPC & Invaders Tanith's Knight
Boss Ancestor Spirit Astel, Naturalborn of the Void Astel, Stars of Darkness Cleanrot Knight Crucible Knight Crucible Knight Siluria Crystalians Decaying Ekzykes Deathbird Death Rite Bird Dragonkin Soldier Dragonkin Soldier of Nokstella Dragonlord Placidusax Erdtree Avatar Esgar, Priest of Blood Fallingstar Beast Fire Giant Flying Dragon Agheel Full-Grown Fallingstar Beast Glintstone Dragon Adula Glintstone Dragon Smarag Kindred of Rot Lichdragon Fortissax Leonine Misbegotten Magma Wyrms ( regular , Makar ) Malenia, Blade of Miquella Miranda the Blighted Bloom Mohg, Lord of Blood Regal Ancestor Spirit Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon Tibia Mariner Ulcerated Tree Spirit
Astel, Naturalborn of the Void
Astel, Stars of Darkness
Crucible Knight Siluria
Dragonkin Soldier of Nokstella
Dragonlord Placidusax
Esgar, Priest of Blood
Flying Dragon Agheel
Full-Grown Fallingstar Beast
Glintstone Dragon Adula
Glintstone Dragon Smarag
Lichdragon Fortissax
Magma Wyrms ( regular , Makar )
Malenia, Blade of Miquella
Miranda the Blighted Bloom
Regal Ancestor Spirit
Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon
Ulcerated Tree Spirit
The following Enemies , NPC , Invaders and Bosses are immune to the Scarlet Rot effect. Immunity indicates a target is impossible or near-impossible to afflict with a given effect.
Enemy Abductor Virgin Abnormal Stone Cluster Banished Knight (late-game) Basilisk ( Lake of Rot ) Broken Statue Golem Lesser Cemetery Shade Spirit-type enemies
Abnormal Stone Cluster
Banished Knight (late-game)
Basilisk ( Lake of Rot )
Lesser Cemetery Shade
NPC & Invaders Festering Fingerprint Vyke Millicent Millicent's Sisters
Festering Fingerprint Vyke
Boss Alecto, Black Knife Ringleader Black Blade Kindred Black Knife Assassin Cemetery Shade Commander O'Neil Dragonkin Soldier (Lake of Rot variation) Erdtree Burial Watchdog Elden Beast Godfrey, First Elden Lord (Golden Shade) Guardian Golem Mohg, the Omen Putrid Avatar Putrid Crystalians Valiant Gargoyle & Valiant Gargoyle (Twinblade) Vyke, Knight of the Roundtable
Alecto, Black Knife Ringleader
Black Knife Assassin
Dragonkin Soldier (Lake of Rot variation)
Erdtree Burial Watchdog
Godfrey, First Elden Lord (Golden Shade)
Valiant Gargoyle & Valiant Gargoyle (Twinblade)
Vyke, Knight of the Roundtable
Rot is one of the divine elements of the outer gods, and eats away at life like a vicious plague.
Scarlet Rot (朱い腐敗, Akai Fuhai ) is a status ailment in Elden Ring and ELDEN RING NIGHTREIGN that inflicts a significant amount of damage over time, similar to Poison .
3 Curing and Mitigation
5 Environment 5.1 Swamps
Scarlet Rot is an old legend in the Lands Between , [ 1 ] a dangerous sickness that eats away life like a vicious plague. [ 2 ] It corrupts men and beasts who come into contact with it, deforming their bodies and eating away their wits, driving them to madness and causing them to act like wild animals. [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] Those afflicted with the Scarlet Rot such as Millicent also suffer from nightmares due to the affliction. [ 6 ] Areas afflicted with Scarlet Rot sprout fungal growths or flower buds. As such, Scarlet Rot is often fended off using fire. [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
The Empyrean and demigod , Malenia, Blade of Miquella harbored the affliction of Scarlet Rot within her body from birth, [ 9 ] which has decayed her body and caused her to lose her limbs. Her will, pride, dignity, and sense of self, along with the help of her brother Miquella of the Haligtree 's Unalloyed Gold Needle assisted with resisting the call of the Scarlet Rot. [ 10 ] However, at the Battle of Aeonia , the final battle of the Shattering , [ 11 ] she abandoned this pride to meet Starscourge Radahn 's measure. [ 10 ] This resulted in the blooming of the first flower of Aeonia [ 12 ] [ 13 ] causing both Caelid and Radahn to become blighted by the Scarlet Rot. [ 14 ] Upon Malenia's return to Miquella's Haligtree , it too was infected and malformed by the Scarlet Rot. [ 15 ] The Swamp of Aeonia spawned by the flower in Caelid gave rise to Kindred of Rot , [ 16 ] also known as "Pests." Some inorganic beings are capable of contracting and hosting the disease; a number of Crystalians, and their weapons, fester with Scarlet Rot.
Despite the horrific effects of the sickness, some worship the Scarlet Rot as a god. [ 17 ] The sickly Maleigh Marais of the Shaded Castle was a private believer, and considered Malenia his personal goddess. [ 1 ] To those enraptured by the Scarlet Rot, the mushrooms that spawn from it growing on their bodies are holy vestments that root them to the earth. [ 18 ] Long ago, great lords served the Scarlet Rot, perhaps with such large fungal bodies serving as their crowns. [ 19 ] Ever since the Battle of Aeonia, Sage Gowry has dedicated himself to the resplendence of the Order of Rot, the cycle of decay and rebirth, [ 20 ] desiring Malenia to bloom into a goddess, and her daughters to join her as scarlet valkyries. [ 21 ]
Long ago, Malenia's mentor, the Blind Swordsman , sealed away an ancient god that was Rot itself using a flowing sword bestowed upon him by a fairy in legend. [ 22 ] [ 23 ] The divine essence of this Outer God was sealed in the Lake of Rot in the Ainsel River deep below Liurnia of the Lakes . [ 24 ]
The head confessor Crepus, an assassin of the Roundtable Hold serving the Two Fingers , used bolts imbued with Scarlet Rot with his Black-Key Crossbow . [ 25 ] [ 26 ]
Scarlet Rot accumulates gradually and comes into effect once the threshold is reached. The higher the player's Immunity stat, the longer it will take for Scarlet Rot to become effective. Immunity can be increased by increasing the Vigor stat. Once effective, the player will receive continual damage over time until the effect wears off.
Resistance to this status ailment is governed by Immunity .
There are certain equipment that gives the player buffs when scarlet rot has been inflicted in the general vicinity, they do not discriminate between what has been poisoned in order to activate, it can be friend, foe and even oneself and generally lasts for around 20 seconds since the last rot infliction.
Rot swamps can be found in several locations throughout the Lands Between .
They generally comprise of bodies of filthy sludge that continuously build up Scarlet Rot as the player is standing in them. Rolling around in said sludge will also cover the player-character's body with the fluids, which will slowly yet consistently build up Scarlet Rot even if the player is no longer directly standing in the liquid itself or even tries to cure their Rot ailment with boluses. While these stains will gradually wear off over time, they can be removed immediately if it's raining, the player rolls around in clean water or uses Soap .
Throughout the Minor Erdtree Catacombs by the northern cliffs of Caelid .
Throughout the Abandoned Cave in Caelid .
Directly east of Fort Gael in Caelid .
Swamp of Aeonia found at the heart of Caelid .
Throughout Caelid Catacombs by the southern cliffs of Caelid .
Throughout War-Dead Catacombs in the north-eastern corner of Wailing Dunes .
The entirety of Lake of Rot south of Noxtella, Eternal City by Ainsel River .
Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree between the Elphael Inner Wall and Drainage Channel Sites of Grace .
Enemies capable of inflicting Scarlet Rot include:
Giant Land Squirt (Swamp of Aeonia)
Putrid Corpse (Scarlet Rot, Giant Scarlet Rot, and Mushroom Variants)
Miranda Sprout (Rot Variant)
Miranda Blossom (Rot Variant)
NPCs capable of inflicting Scarlet Rot include:
Great-Jar Warrior (If the player is in online-mode and the game picks a character from another player that utilizes scarlet rot inducing equipment.)
Bosses capable of inflicting Scarlet Rot include:
Mimic Tear (If the player is wielding rot equipment as the Mimic Tear forms).
Fia's Champions (If the player is in online-mode and the game picks a character from another player that utilizes scarlet rot inducing equipment.)
Malenia, Blade of Miquella (Phase 2 only)
Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing (if Malenia, Blade of Miquella is defeated prior to Maliketh, the Black Blade .)
Despite the Antspur Rapier indicating that the Giant Ants can inflict Scarlet Rot, they don't in actual g

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Omen
Omen is a type of Monster Enemy in Elden Ring . Omen are curse-born, ogre-like beings that favor using large and heavy weapons such as Greatswords or Greataxes . They are normally slow moving and can often be found sleeping or otherwise distracted. Omen will, however, move surprisingly fast and erupt with great ferocity when provoked, jumping into battle with multiple wide swings and attacks. Omen born to commoners often have their horns excised (cut off), generally ending in the child's death, while Omen born to Nobility are allowed to retain their gnarled horns, but are hidden away underground to live in obscurity.
Where to Find Omen :
Stormveil Castle You can find the Omen at the heavily guarded courtyard of the castle. The nearest checkpoint is the Liftside Chamber Site of Grace .
You can find the Omen at the heavily guarded courtyard of the castle. The nearest checkpoint is the Liftside Chamber Site of Grace .
Cliffbottom Catacombs
There is one near the end of Unsightly Catacombs .
Minor Erdtree ( Capital Outskirts ) guarding Twiggy Cracked Tear and Crimson Crystal Tear . This Omen can use Fia's Mist , just like the Commoners accompanying it. The Commoners also all wear a small face shroud, suggesting a relationship to Deathbed Companions, or perhaps Fia herself.
Subterranean Shunning-Grounds
Capital Outskirts : Two Omens appear as the field boss Fell Twins .
Health: 1155 - 6539 HP
The absorption numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example if an absorption is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% is absorbed. Bigger number = less damage. An absorption of 100 means no damage goes through, and a resistance of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Scarlet Rot : 227 - 250
Hemorrhage : 227 - 250
Frostbite : 227 - 250
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of whatever aux buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs.
Runes : 1111 - 2520 .
One of the few enemies that are attracted to Shadow Bait .
Sleeping Omen can sometimes be found in Altus Plateau . They appear to be suffering from nightmares, convulsing and writhing around in their sleep.
There are two variants, those with cut horns, and those with uncut horns, and each variant can carry either an Omen Cleaver or a Warped Axe . The uncut horn variant can summon wraiths and have some moves that have black-and-gold cursed flames, like the Revenants and Wraith Callers .
Omenkillers may have been created to cull the Omen population. The Omensmirk Mask are said to be in imitation of the evil spirits in the Omen’s nightmares.
Doll of a curseborn bairn.
Uses FP to unleash wraiths that chase down foes.
Omen babies have all their horns excised, causing most to perish. These fetishes are made to memorialize them.
"Please, don't hate me, or curse me. Please ."
Doll of a curseborn bairn from the Erdtree's royal line.
Uses FP to unleash many wraiths that chase down foes.
Omen babies born of royalty do not have their horns excised, but instead are kept underground, unbeknownst to anyone, imprisoned for eternity.
These memorial fetishes are fashioned in secret .
Heavy-bladed curved sword of colossal size awarded to Omen as a tool of war. This weapon is made to take advantage of brute strength.
The pattern etched upon the blade is the remnant of a deteriorating malediction. Indeed, when bestowing a weapon, preparations must be made for taking it away .
Oversized double-headed axe with a bizarre, almost melted appearance.
Brute strength is the only thing required to wield this weapon, which appears to have taken quite the beating itself .
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Tricia, the perfumer.
Tricia was once known as a healer who dedicated her efforts to treating Misbegotten, Omen, and all those seen as impure. When her efforts failed, she was their companion as they died, watching over them to ensure that they could pass peacefully, free of pain.
A tale akin to the origins of the deathbed companions.
Curse grown on a corpse killed and defiled by the Dung Eater. A tender pox afflicted with omen horns.
The Dung Eater cultivates the seedbed curse on corpses.
By doing so he prevents dead souls returning to the Erdtree, leaving them forever cursed. One of the most loathsome things found in the Lands Between.
The Omen (忌み, Imi, or 忌み子, Imigo ) are accursed beings found in the Lands Between born without the grace of the Erdtree . [ 1 ]
The Omen are hulking and brutish in appearance, covered in twisted horns growing from their body. Certain Omen, such as Morgott, the Omen King and Mohg, Lord of Blood also have tails and feathered wings. These traits are reminiscent of the vestiges of the Crucible, considered a signifier of the divine in ancient times, but reviled as an impurity as civilization advanced. [ 2 ]
Omen babies have all their horns excised, which causes most to perish; they are memorialized with small fetish dolls in the likeness of an infant Omen with their horns cut off. [ 3 ] Meanwhile, Omen born to royalty keep their horns, but are kept underground, unbeknownst to anyone, where they are bound by shackles for eternity. [ 4 ] Fetish dolls depicting the Omen infant with their horns left intact are crafted in secret to memorialize these Omen. [ 5 ] Wraiths erupt from the bodies of Omen whose horns remain intact, and can also be expelled via the breath, or used to enwreathe their weapons.
Omen are seen as impure due to their cursed blood. [ 6 ] [ 7 ] For this reason they are hunted by Omenkillers ,  the first of which was the perfumer Rollo , who wield giant cleavers comprised of amputated Omen horns that cause blood loss, [ 8 ] and wear masks imitating the evil spirits that haunt the Omen in their nightmares. [ 9 ] The perfumer Tricia and her associates [ 6 ] dedicated their efforts to treating Omen, among others seen as impure. When her efforts failed, she instead became their companion when they died, ensuring they could pass peacefully. [ 10 ]
Despite being reviled, excised Omen are sometimes used as soldiers. They are awarded cleavers of colossal size, taking advantage of the Omen's brute strength. However, the blades are etched with a remnant of a deteriorative malediction to ensure that the blade can be taken away. [ 11 ] They occasionally can be found wearing black cloaks, and certain Omen among these cloaked variants have taken to worshiping the Prince of Death .
Localisation Notes The Omen are called 忌み ( Imi ), which would mean "Abomination" in this context. [ 12 ] They are also occasionally referred to as 忌み子 ( Imigo ) which means "Abominable Child", "Unwanted Child", or "Shunned Child." [ 13 ] Margit's "Fell Omen" title is 忌み鬼 ( Imi Oni ) meaning "Abominable Demon." [ 14 ] The Mending Rune of the Fell Curse is called 忌み呪いの修復ルーン ( Imi Noroi no Shūfuku Rūn ) "Mending Rune of the Abomination Curse" or "Abominable Curse", where 忌み (Imi) is the same word localised as "Omen." Therefore, "Mending Rune of the Omen Curse" would be a localisation in-line with the rest of the text. The Omen Bairn items are called 水子 ( Mizuko ), which can refer to a newborn baby, or an aborted, stillborn, or miscarried fetus. 水子供養 ( Mizuko kuyō ) is a Japanese Buddhist memorial service for those who have had a miscarriage, stillbirth, or abortion. The ceremony is meant to comfort parental grief, guilt, or the soul of the fetus, sometimes in fear of its vengeful spirit. Statues of Jizō, a Bodhisattva thought to protect children, are are commonly offered by temples, which may be the inspiration for the Omen Bairns. [ 15 ] Possibly inspired by the Shope papiloma virus . A virus witch causes rabbits to form horn-like growths
The Omen are called 忌み ( Imi ), which would mean "Abomination" in this context. [ 12 ]
They are also occasionally referred to as 忌み子 ( Imigo ) which means "Abominable Child", "Unwanted Child", or "Shunned Child." [ 13 ]
Margit's "Fell Omen" title is 忌み鬼 ( Imi Oni ) meaning "Abominable Demon." [ 14 ]
The Mending Rune of the Fell Curse is called 忌み呪いの修復ルーン ( Imi Noroi no Shūfuku Rūn ) "Mending Rune of the Abomination Curse" or "Abominable Curse", where 忌み (Imi) is the same word localised as "Omen." Therefore, "Mending Rune of the Omen Curse" would be a localisation in-line with the rest of the text.
The Omen Bairn items are called 水子 ( Mizuko ), which can refer to a newborn baby, or an aborted, stillborn, or miscarried fetus. 水子供養 ( Mizuko kuyō ) is a Japanese Buddhist memorial service for those who have had a miscarriage, stillbirth, or abortion. The ceremony is meant to comfort parental grief, guilt, or the soul of the fetus, sometimes in fear of its vengeful spirit. Statues of Jizō, a Bodhisattva thought to protect children, are are commonly offered by temples, which may be the inspiration for the Omen Bairns. [ 15 ] Possibly inspired by the Shope papiloma virus . A virus witch causes rabbits to form horn-like growths
水子供養 ( Mizuko kuyō ) is a Japanese Buddhist memorial service for those who have had a miscarriage, stillbirth, or abortion. The ceremony is meant to comfort parental grief, guilt, or the soul of the fetus, sometimes in fear of its vengeful spirit. Statues of Jizō, a Bodhisattva thought to protect children, are are commonly offered by temples, which may be the inspiration for the Omen Bairns. [ 15 ]
Possibly inspired by the Shope papiloma virus . A virus witch causes rabbits to form horn-like growths

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Albinaurics
Albinaurics are Humanoid Enemies in Elden Ring . Albinaurics are said to have been artificial lifeforms that were made by humans.
First-Generation Albinaurics have a human-like appearance and a flawed pair of legs, which eventually give out and sometimes even disappear.
Second-Generation Albinaurics are short creatures, with smooth gray skin and dumpy heads resembling those of frogs. They use primitive weapons such as wooden clubs and makeshift shields, and they often congregate in large groups. Second-Generation Albinaurics are very agile and able to cartwheel around.
A First-Generation Albinauric can be summoned using the Spirit Ash Latenna The Albinauric . A pair of Second-Generation Albinaurics can be summoned using the Albinauric Ashes .
Albinaurics are lifeforms made by human hands. Thus, many believe them to live impure lives, untouched by the Erdtree's grace.
Where to Find Albinaurics :
Several First-Generation Albinauric Villagers can still be found moaning inside the Village of the Albinaurics in southwest Liurnia. Some First-Generation Albinauric Mages can be found past the bridge leading away from the Village's well. [ Map Link ]
The player must encounter Albus , an NPC and First-Generation Albinauric Villager, in order to reach the Consecrated Snowfield . He is found in the Village of the Albinaurics, disguised as a large pot. It is recommended that the player defeat the nearby Depraved Perfumer before speaking to him.
Just outside of the Village of the Albinaurics, two Afflicted First-Generation Albinaurics coughing up clouds of Poison can be found kneeling on the bank of the Poison swamp below the Village.
Plenty of First-Generation Albinauric Mages can be found on the ground level of Caria Manor .
Several First-Generation Albinaurics can be found in the dungeon of Volcano Manor .
A few Insane First-Generation Albinaurics can be found in the lower levels of Leyndell Royal Capital , near the well that leads down into the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds .
A few First-Generation Albinaurics can be found in Castle Sol , in the room leading up to the area immediately preceding the Boss Arena.
One First-Generation Albinauric Archer can be found near the entrance to the Consecrated Snowfield, just outside the end of the Hidden Path to the Haligtree , riding her Direwolf .
Several First-Generation Albinauric Archers can be found outside to the south of Ordina, Liturgical Town in the Consecrated Snowfield. One rides a Direwolf.
Second-Generation Albinaurics can be found all over Liurnia of the Lakes . Groups of them often roam the ruins of the Academy Gate Town . [ Map Link ]
Several Second-Generation Albinaurics can be found outside to the east of Ordina, Liturgical Town in the Consecrated Snowfield , and more leading up to the Minor Erdtree .
A large amount of red Second-Generation Albinaurics with 3 small Omen horns on their forehead can be found in the Mohgwyn Palace area, with many variations of weapons and equipment. In the forested area, the red Second-Generation Albinaurics that blow their Curved Great Club like a horn can summon a Giant Skeleton (Spirit) , which is the upper half of a colossal skeleton usually summoned by Tibia Mariners .
There are two types: First-Generation Albinaurics and Second-Generation Albinaurics .
Upon reaching Mohgwyn Palace , one can fast travel to the Palace Approach Ledge-Road site of grace, equip the Sacred Relic Sword to use the Wave of Gold weapon skill and farm Albinaurics . Effectively yielding up to 6,000,000 Runes per hour with the Golden Scarab Talisman .
Though some Albinaurics wield a Ripple Blade or Shamshir , they do not drop them.
Albinaurics wielding the Ripple Blade is able to conjure a freezing breath through the blade.
Second-Generation Albinaurics with faintly golden eyes in the Consecrated Snowfield is able to cast the Discus of Light incantation, possibly due to Miquella and his relation to golden order fundamentalism.
First -generation Albinauric mages cast the Glintstone Pebble sorcery.
Their wooden shield, broken bent club, and leather armor are unobtainable.
Red Albinaurics wearing Dirty Chainmail do not drop it.
The thick, coagulated blood of the Albinaurics. Material used for crafting items.
Albinaurics are lifeforms made by human hands. Thus, many believe them to live impure lives, untouched by the Erdtree's grace .
Tall oval shield made of metal carried by young Albinaurics. The ornamentation represents the primordial drop of dew from which they are said to have been created.
Boasts exceptional magic damage negation. The Albinaurics' most formidable foes were sorcerers, after all.
Short staff with a blue glintstone embedded. Wielded by the albinaurics of old.
The albinaurics harbor a secret; they cast sorcery with their innate arcaneness .
Chainmail armor crafted with blue silver. Worn by the wolf-riding Albinauric archers.
Blue silver is a metal born from the same mother as the archers themselves, and provides protection from magic and frost.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirits of two Albinaurics.
A strapping duo of cartwheeling spirits who wield ripple swords and spew freezing breath. Both are second-generation Albinaurics, with dumpy heads that resemble those of frogs .
Chainmail worn by young Albinaurics.
The appearance of a protruding belly provides no benefits worthy of note.
Unique weapon wielded by young Albinaurics, this sword is modelled after the ripples that are thought to be the origin of their species.
Its attack power is greatly enhanced with one's arcane attribute .
Weapon wielded by young Albinaurics.
The blade is said to resemble a partial image of a ripple, and its attack power scales with one's arcane attribute .
Hard, curved club, shaped like a crescent moon.
Wielded instead of a curved sword by Albinaurics lacking dexterity. The only point of similarity between the two is the shape .
Large curved club of hard wood, shaped like a crescent moon.
Wielded by Albinaurics lacking the dexterity demanded by a curved sword, and who prefer the added weight and destructive force .
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot. Enchanted by sorceries of the Cuckoos.
Consumes FP. Throw at enemies to impede recovery actions using a flask of tears for a certain duration.
The Knights of the Cuckoos do declare. Behold, thy defiled blood. Unlike any humor that flows in our grand realm .
Sickle fashioned form ivory. Weapon carried by aged Albunaurics.
These weapons are evidence of their dedication to the Haligtree, despite never having entered its presence .
My legs will soon fade, and with them, my life. Alas, this is the immovable fate of all Albinaurics.
A chosen land awaits us Albinaurics. The medallion is the key that leads to the city.
The Albinaurics are a man-made species encountered in ELDEN RING (2022) .
4 Notable members 4.1 Enemy variants
The albinaurics are artificial life found across the Lands Between either as a First-Generation Albinauric (including an archer variant ) or Second-Generation Albinauric .
Albinaurics are lifeforms made by human hands. Thus, many believe them to live impure lives, untouched by the Erdtree's grace. [ 1 ] They are said to have been created from a primordial drop of dew [ 2 ] , and secretly harbour the ability to cast magic using their innate arcaneness. [ 3 ] All Albinaurics share a fate; their legs will one day fade, and with them, their lives. [ 4 ] This process can be seen most clearly in the elderly, bearded Albinaurics that inhabit the Village of the Albinaurics .
Albinaurics are viewed as impure, and are persecuted by the Knights of the Cuckoo for their defiled blood. [ 5 ] They seek salvation in Miquella's Haligtree , which they believe to be their chosen land. [ 6 ] Aged Albinaurics carry Ivory Sickles in dedication to the Haligtree, despite having never entered its presence. [ 7 ]
All first-generation Albinaurics are disabled and have lost the use of their legs. The males appear as withered old men with long beards whose legs are vanishing into shadow. The female archers, who wear blue silver mail born from the same mother as themselves [ 8 ] , also lack the functionality of their legs, which they compensate for by riding wolfback. Nonetheless, they were feared as deadly sharpshooters. [ 9 ]
Second-generation Albinaurics differ visually from the more humanoid first generation specimens, having heads that resemble those of frogs [ 10 ] and protruding bellies. [ 11 ] They wield weaponry modelled after the ripples that are said to be the origin of their species [ 12 ] [ 13 ] , as well as wooden clubs shaped like the crescent moon. [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Old Albus An aged inhabitant of the Village of the Albinaurics . He guards half of a medallion which is said to lead the way to Miquella's Haligtree .
Pidia, Carian Servant A servant of the Carian Royal Family , Pidia maintains and controls the puppets around Caria Manor .
Latenna the Albinauric A female Albinauric who travelled from the land of the Haligtree with her wolf, Lobo. She is hunted by Sir Gideon Ofnir and his bloodhound knights .
Phillia, Towering Little Sister An Albinauric woman of great size. Latenna intends to deliver her something of importance.
Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree A former Carian knight who searched for a safe haven for albinaurics and aligned herself with Miquella's Haligtree .
Commander Gaius A legendary boar rider who studied Gravity Sorcery alongside Radahn . He served as an officer in Messmer 's army during the Crusade in the Shadow Realm .
Scholar ELDEN RING: NIGHTREIGN (2025) An academic who walks the Lands Between, and a member of the School of Hierodas who seeks knowledge through travel.
Albinauric Archer Female first-gen Albinaurics who may ride wolves .
First-Generation Albinauric Aged male Albinaurics whose legs have faded away.
Second-Generation Albinauric Deformed young Albinaurics with frog-like heads.
Albinaurics are encountered throughout the Lands Between . A majority may be found in central Liurnia .
Consecrated Snowfield Apostate Derelict Miquella's Haligtree Ordina, Liturgical Town
Miquella's Haligtree
Ordina, Liturgical Town
Liurnia of the Lakes Academy Gate Town Rose Church Temple Quarter Village of the Albinaurics
Village of the Albinaurics
Siofra River Mohgwyn Palace
Albinaurics are also found in the Realm of Shadow .
Scadu Altus Scaduview
"Albinauric" is a combination of two Latin words: albus meaning "pale" or "white" and aurum meaning "gold". This is a reference to their origin as silver.

---

area: Nokron Eternal City
chapter: 8
name: Nox People
Nox is an enemy in ELDEN RING (2022) .
The Nox are the inhabitants of the Eternal Cities of Nokron and Nokstella . They are a grey-skinned, cold-blooded race known for wielding flowing weapons [ 1 ] forged from the liquid metal of Silver Tears .
Long ago, the Nox committed treason against the Greater Will and its vassal Fingers , fashioning crystalline helmets out of glass to ward off their intervention. [ 2 ] However, they invoked the ire of the Greater Will and were banished deep underground, forced to live under a false night sky in eternal anticipation of the coming age of stars, and of their Lord of Night. [ 3 ]
Monks clad in armour with silk capes and hoods. They wield Flowing Hammers which can elongate in a whip-like fashion for additional range, turn into semi-spherical spiked fist weapons which they dual-wield, or into single, spherical weapons resembling censers.
Can include a separate table for a specific instance of this variant's moveset.
Nox Swordstress Riding a Giant Ant
Nokstella, Eternal City:
Skilled swordstresses of the Eternal Cities, who serve as the personal guards of the Nightmaidens, and wear conical crowns with silk veils that cover their eyes. [ 4 ] They wield flowing curved swords which can elongate for additional range. They are sometimes seen riding Giant Ants .
Nox who hold the highest clerical rank, symbolised by their twin crowns, which hide their eyes with silk. [ 5 ] They use short, curved daggers in combat, and can create a life-sapping mist .
A duo consisting of a Monk and a Swordstress. They are found in a courtyard on the northern side of Sellia, behind a magical seal which can be broken by lighting three braziers atop towers throughout the town. Inside the courtyard is a large chair, reminiscent of those found in the Eternal Cities, albeit without a giant skeleton occupying it. A chest beneath the chair, accessible only once the duo has been defeated, contains Lusat's Glintstone Staff .
Was named Nox Swordstress & Nox Priest in an earlier version of Elden Ring.
A Nox Monk whose hammer has transformed into a pair of spiked half-spheres.
A Nox Monk extending their hammer for extra range.
A Nox Monk whose hammer has transformed into a giant sphere.

---

area: Nokron Eternal City
chapter: 8
name: Eternal Cities
The Eternal Cities are three subterranean cities deep below the Lands Between in the Great Underground Rivers . They are characterized by their unique architecture and the eternal artificial night skies which hover above them.
Nokron and Nokstella , found on the rivers of Siofra and Ainsel respectively, remain in good condition and continue to be inhabited by the Nox . The Nox, a grey-skinned, cold-blooded race of humanoids, were banished underground after invoking the ire of the Greater Will . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
The Nameless Eternal City is found in the Deeproot Depths . It was likely assailed by Astel, Naturalborn of the Void and, as a result, destroyed and dispossessed of its night sky. [ 3 ]
Nokron, Eternal City
Nokstella, Eternal City
The Nameless Eternal City

---

area: Farum Azula
chapter: 22
name: Ancient Dragons
Ancient Dragons are a type of flying enemy in Elden Ring . Long before the Erdtree and Queen Marika , they were part of the ruling force of the Lands Between from Crumbling Farum Azula and have bodies of Gravel Stone and armies of Beastmen who worship them. Most of them serve as formidable Bosses for the tarnished to defeat and wield deadly lightning as their weapons. For unnamed Ancient Dragons , see Farum Azula Dragons . Dragons are considered their lesser descendants.
Spoken of in legend, red lightning is the weapon wielded by the ancient dragons.
Dragonlord Placidusax ruled Farum Azula before the age of the Erdtree. According to his Remembrance , he was once an Elden Lord in a forgotten time, but once his god fled he continues to wait for their return in a storm beyond time. Even his scales seem to have time-altering properties that can allow weapons to become capable of slaying a god. Numerous Ancient Dragons would protect their lord during his slumber by becoming a wall of living rock. Unlike the rest of his kin, he at one point possessed four heads. Placidusax would lose two heads and receive other grievous injuries after an attack from Bayle the Dread , but not without inflicting more damage onto his mortal foe. In retaliation to Bayle's betrayal, Dragonlord Placidusax had his followers encourage warriors to partake in Dragon Communion , and to hunt down Bayle's brood in order to feast on their hearts. Note that for the purposes of being weak to certain weapons and items, Placidusax does not count as an Ancient Dragon.
Ancient Dragon Gransax was a creature of immense size who assailed Leyndell, Royal Capital which started a conflict between the Ancient Dragons and its inhabitants. Gransax wielded a spear infused with lightning into battle and upon its death its body became immovable stone that was left in Leyndell as a permanent fixture of the city. This attack would inspire some Tree Sentinels to take on draconic features, according to the Malformed Dragon Set .
Ancient Dragon Lansseax is the sibling of Fortissax and took part in the war between the Ancient Dragons and Leyndell. Lansseax wielded a glaive of red lightning and after the war's conclusion took the form of a human to teach knights incantations as a member of the Ancient Dragon Cult in the royal capital. Out of all the knights, she loved Vyke the most, who was a contender to become Elden Lord. She can still be found roaming around Stormcaller Church in Altus Plateau .
Ancient Dragon Fortissax, also known as the Lichdragon and the mightiest boulderstone, is the sibling of Lansseax and took part in the war between the Ancient Dragons and Leyndell. Fortissax wielded dual spears of red lightning and was defeated by Godwyn the Golden on the final battlefield of the conflict. Godwyn then befriended Fortissax, giving rise to the Ancient Dragon cult in Leyndell. According to the Remembrance of the Lichdragon , Fortissax fought against the affliction that had taken over its deceased comrade, but ultimately failed to save him and became corrupted.
Ancient Dragon Florissax, also known as the Dragon Communion Priestess, is a potential ally encountered in the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC. Each night she offers her sleep to her lord Placidusax, and is susceptible to a sleep inducing tonic . Florissax has been enticing young warriors to partake in Dragon Communion from the Grand Altar of Dragon Communion near the Foot of the Jagged Peak . She encourages the tarnished to seek out Bayle the Dread to kill him and consume his heart on behalf of her lord.
Ancient Dragon Senessax is a powerful foe encountered in the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC. Found before reaching the summit of Jagged Peak , it is likely Senessax was one of the Ancient Dragons who sided with the betrayer over their lord Placidusax as mentioned in the red lightning pot description. Senessax is especially dangerous given the close-by small bodies of water that can increase lightning damage against the tarnished.
A legendary talisman depicting the ancient king whose seat lies at the heart of the storm beyond time.
Extends the duration of sorceries and incantations.
It is said that the ancient royal city of Farum Azula has been slowly crumbling since time immemorial.
Remembrance of Dragonlord Placidusax, hewn into the Erdtree. The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
The Dragonlord whose seat lies at the heart of the storm beyond time is said to have been Elden Lord in the age before the Erdtree. Once his god was fled, the lord continued to await its return.
Legendary talisman of wrought iron depicting a massive ancient dragon. Enormously boosts physical damage negation.
The ancient dragons, who ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree, would protect their lord as a wall of living rock. And so it is that the shape of the dragon has become symbolic of all manner of protections.
Spear whittled from the weapon wielded by Gransax. One of the legendary armaments.
A great ancient dragon, Gransax once rained calamity upon the Royal Capital - the only time in historical record that Leyndell's walls have fallen. This marked the dawn of the war against dragons.
Incantation that channels the power of the ancient dragon Lansseax.
Creates a red-lightning glaive and sweeps the area from above. This attack unleashes trails of lightning.
Lansseax was the sister of Fortissax. It is said that she took the form of a human to commune with the knights as a priestess of the ancient dragon cult.
Remembrance of Lichdragon Fortissax, hewn into the Erdtree. The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
After Godwyn the Golden became the Prince of Death, the ancient dragon fought long and hard against the Death within its companion. Alas, victory was never achieved and its only reward was corruption.
The stone heart of a Dragon Communion priestess. Use while disrobed to turn one's human flesh into an ancient dragon. The change cannot be undone except by death. Using this heart while already transformed temporarily boosts incantations of the capital's ancient dragon cult.
The priestess was once an ancient dragon herself, but sacrificed that form for feeble flesh to aid in the destruction of Bayle the Dread.
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot. A cocktail of red fulminating materials is sealed inside.
Throw at an enemy to inflict lightning damage that links to surrounding enemies.
The ancient dragons who betrayed their lord to side with a tyrant were known for wielding branching red lightning.
Sacred seal made from Gravel Stone thought to be an ancient dragon scale.
Enhances Dragon Cult incantations of the Royal Capital.
The worship of the ancient dragons does not conflict with belief in the Erdtree. After all, this seal, and lightning itself, are both imbued with gold.
Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Ancient Dragon is an enemy in ELDEN RING (2022) .
1 Overview 1.1 Statistics 1.2 Moveset
The Ancient Dragons ruled in the prehistoric era before the Erdtree . [ 1 ] They wielded red lightning as a weapon [ 2 ] , and had scales made of sharp, pointed gravel stones. [ 3 ] They were ruled over by Dragonlord Placidusax , said to have been Elden Lord in the time before the Erdtree [ 4 ] , from the royal city of Farum Azula [ 5 ] , and it is said that they would protect their lord as a wall of living rock. [ 6 ]
Ancient Dragons have light grey bodies resembling stone. They possess four legs, as well as four wings inlayed with gold, distinguishing them from their lesser descendants . They have short, flat muzzles, orange-yellow eyes, and wispy grey hairs along their backs. They can breathe fire like many of their descendants, however they also possess the ability to wield red lightning, which often manifests in the form of spears and glaives.
During the reign of Queen Marika the Eternal , the Ancient Dragon Gransax wrought havoc on Leyndell, Royal Capital , the only time in recorded history that Leyndell's walls have fallen. [ 7 ] This marked the dawn of the war against the Dragons, during which the Tree Sentinels clad themselves in armor resembling the bodies of the Dragons in order to protect the Erdtree. [ 8 ] During this conflict Godwyn the Golden fought to the last against the Ancient Dragon Fortissax . [ 9 ] Godwyn defeated Fortissax, however he befriended his fallen foe, ending the conflict and giving rise to the capital's Ancient Dragon Cult. [ 10 ] Worship of the Ancient Dragons does not conflict with faith in the Erdtree, as the Dragons' lightning is imbued with gold, and as such the Cult was permitted within Leyndell. [ 11 ]
Ancient Dragons are greatly resistant to Stance damage. In addition to their base 120 Stance health, they only take 20% Stance damage (effectively giving them 600 Stance health against those hits) from hits against everything except for their heads, though their heads at least take doubled Stance damage compared to the rest of their body (effectively giving them 300 Stance health against those hits). Though their Stance health won't refill unless they haven't taken Stance damage for a fairly lengthy 9.231 seconds, this, in addition to how hard their heads can be to hit, make them sturdy foes.
Can include a separate table for a specific instance of this variant's moveset.
Lansseax, the sister of Fortissax, is said to have taken the form of a human priestess in order to commune with the knights of the Ancient Dragon Cult. [ 12 ] Her most beloved knight was Vyke the dragonspear [ 13 ] , a Tarnished knight of the Roundtable Hold , who was later scourged by the frenzied flame. [ 14 ]
Lansseax is first encountered near the Abandoned Coffin Site of Grace, near the entrance to Altus Plateau from the Ruin-Strewn Precipice . After sustaining enough damage, she will fly away. She can later be encountered on a hill just south-west of the Rampartside Path Site of Grace in the east of Altus Plateau, where she can be defeated for good.
An Ancient Dragon summoning a lightning bolt in the Elden Ring Gameplay Reveal Trailer.
Ancient Dragon Senessax sleeping
In certain localizations of the game, Senessax is referred to as a male. For example, in the French version, "Lansseax, Dragonne Ancienne" uses feminine adjectives whereas "Senessax, Dragon Ancien" uses masculine adjectives.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Torrent Spirit Steed
Torrent the Spectral Steed is a mount in Elden Ring . Gifted to the Tarnished by Melina early in the game, he will be your constant companion, used for travel, exploration, and combat. This horned horse is summoned using the Spectral Steed Whistle and is highly agile, possessing a unique double jump ability that allows players to scale steep terrain and utilize Spiritsprings to reach otherwise inaccessible heights.
While invaluable in the open world, Torrent cannot be ridden within dungeons, nor can he be called upon during Pv P or Co-op sessions. It is also important to note that Torrent has his own health pool. He can be healed on the go by feeding him items like Rowa Raisins, but if he is killed in battle, players must consume one charge of the Flask of Crimson Tears to revive him.
How to unlock Torrent in Elden Ring
Maneuvering on Torrent
Spiritspring Jumping
Torrent the Spectral Steed Gallery
To unlock Torrent in Elden Ring , speak to Melina at the Gatefront Ruins Site of Grace. Agree to have her act as your maiden, and she will give you the Spectral Steed Whistle which you can use to summon Torrent . Put the whistle in your quick items or your pouch for easy access, since you'll be using it frequently!
Torrent can run faster and jump further than you can on foot, and learning to ride him effectively will make your time in the Lands Between much easier.
Torrent's normal walking speed is about as fast as your running speed on foot, and repeatedly dashing will double your speed again. Although Torrent's dash doesn't provide any invulnerability frames, it's fast enough to outpace almost any enemy, especially if they're winding up an attack.
Torrent's jumps go further than yours, but his most potent power is the ability to double-jump. This allows you to reach areas that would otherwise be totally inaccessible and even jump over some attacks. You can also change direction as you double-jump, which makes it the quickest way to turn Torrent around while running as well.
Attacks on horseback differ from those on foot. You can only hold one weapon at once, although you can switch between your right- and left-hand weapon. You can't two-hand a weapon either, so avoid using weapons whose Strength requirements you can only meet while two-handing.
Each attack has a left- and right-side counterpart, which determines which side of Torrent you swing your weapon on. The light attacks are simple swings of your weapon, while the drag attacks can be held to drag your weapon along the ground, releasing it with a powerful swing. Although the timing is tricky, this is an excellent way to approach an enemy. Larger weapons' drag attacks can even launch foes into the air!
If you're wielding a Sacred Seal or a Glintstone Staff , you'll cast a spell instead of doing your right light attack. If you're wielding a Light Bow , Bow , or Crossbow , you'll use the normal control scheme for that weapon instead, with the exception that you still can't use its Skill . Shields , Greatbows , and Ballistas are ineffective on horseback, and act as melee weapons instead.
You can do battle while riding Torrent, and in many cases this may be easier than fighting on foot. Torrent's speed makes it easy to outmaneuver most foes or quickly back off to safely heal or attack at range. He also has a hefty health bar of his own, and incoming attacks that are lower to the ground may hit him and leave you unscathed.
There are some situations in which mounted combat isn't the best option, though. In enclosed spaces, Torrent's speed can be more of a hindrance than a benefit, especially given how long it takes him to turn around. Torrent also has a Stance bar of his own that repeated attacks can quickly fill, causing you to fall off. If this happens, it'll take a long time for you to get back on your feet, and you'll be vulnerable to attacks until then. Enemies wielding Torchpoles are particularly problematic on horseback, since each attack connects multiple times from a relatively long distance.
If Torrent takes damage (or if you just want to give your good boy a treat), he can be healed with Rowa Raisins , Sweet Raisins , Frozen Raisins , and the Flask of Crimson Tears . If Torrent dies, you will fall off and be stunned for multiple seconds. You can still summon Torrent even after he dies, but doing so costs a charge from the Flask of Crimson Tears and requires navigating a confirmation dialog. (If Torrent was merely stance-broken, he can be resummoned at no cost.)
Against larger enemies with slower attacks : Ride in, get in a few hits, and dash back out before you take damage. Because mounted attacks have a short delay, it's a good idea to start attacking as you approach the enemy. After the attack lands, continue past the enemy, using a dash or two if necessary to avoid an attack. Once you're clear, turn around, wait for your stamina to recover, and repeat. Getting distance is essential, since you can neither dodge nor guard on horseback.
Against hordes of weaker enemies : Stay outside the group and use your Drag Attack to hit multiple enemies at a time. If you get caught in the middle, you'll quickly be knocked off.
Against ranged enemies : Lock on and spiral in towards them so you can get closer while dodging their projectiles.
Against enemies with faster attacks : Get in close as safely as you can and hit them repeatedly to keep them staggered. If you can't kill them with a single stamina bar, make sure to save some to ride away to safety.
During your journeys through the Lands Between you'll come across large, twister-like columns that are constantly spinning in place. These are Spiritsprings . You can jump into a Spiritspring while on horseback to ride its current high into the air and land safely nearby. Even if you jump down from a great height, landing near a Spiritspring will ensure you take no fall damage. They're often found near high cliffs and make it easy to pass between areas that differ greatly in altitude.
After acquiring Torrent, players can return to the Church of Elleh in Limgrave and rest at the site of grace to be given the Spirit Calling Bell by the witch Renna .
When using a crossbow while galloping on horseback, the player can fire their crossbow while in mid-air without unloading the crossbow as firing it normally would, allowing the player to fire their crossbow a second time immediately upon landing, without needing to reload (the Pulley Crossbow is excluded). This behavior is similar to the rapid follow-up shot the a player can achieve with a shortbow after jumping and firing it, albeit with stricter requirements.
When given the Spirit Calling Bell by the witch Renna , she mentions that it was entrusted to you by "Torrent's former master". The promotional material for Shadow of the Erdtree shows the Empyrean Miquella atop a horse similar to Torrent in the Realm of Shadow , hinting that perhaps there may be a connection.
Torrent is a spectral steed and the player's mount in ELDEN RING (2022) .
Torrent is a spectral steed resembling a horse with two short horns on his head and a white mane. Prior to meeting the Tarnished , he is in the company of Melina . The pair find the Tarnished unconscious in the Stranded Graveyard , where Melina reassures Torrent [ 1 ] before granting the Tarnished two flasks. Later, when the Tarnished enters into an accord with Melina, she grants them the Spectral Steed Whistle which allows them to call upon Torrent, revealing that Torrent has chosen them. [ 2 ]
Torrent has a taste for Rowa Raisins , [ 3 ] Sweet Raisins [ 4 ] and Frozen Raisins , [ 5 ] which can be used to restore his health. He had a former master who also gave Ranni the Witch the Spirit Calling Bell to pass onto his next master. [ 6 ] The identity of this individual is not currently known.
Should the Tarnished choose to become the Lord of Frenzied Flame and incinerate the Erdtree , a final cutscene will show Melina picking up the Spectral Steed Whistle, which disintegrates in her hand (though the player still has access to it in-game).
The player can acquire Torrent from Melina at any time by either resting at the Gatefront Ruins or Agheel Lake North sites of grace or after touching three different sites of grace then resting at any of the additional graces:
Third Church of Marika
Besides allowing a player to get around relatively quickly, Torrent also doesn't appear to take fall damage from certain heights. This allows one to easily jump down from heights that'd normally kill the player as long as they're mounted on Torrent. That said, Torrent isn't immune to dying from jumping from too high of a height: even if a double jump is used to get to a lower level, if the starting point is too high up, Torrent will dissipate on landing and the player will die from the impact.
Jumping again while in mid-air will cause Torrent to perform a second jump. This can only be done once until he touches the ground again and can be used to change direction at the moment of the second jump.
Players can also fight from horseback against enemies, such as shooting arrows or casting spells. However, only one of the player's weapons can be used at a time as the left hand is constantly occupied holding Torrent's reigns, it is still possible to switch between the right-hand and left-hand armament while riding by using the same input the player uses to two-hand their weapons.
Note that it is not possible to change from wielding a weapon one-handed to two-handed while mounted. It is however possible to get the bonuses of two-handing by performing the action before mounting up.
Spirit springs can be used by jumping while riding Torrent to reach higher altitudes. Landing on or close to a spirit spring will completely negate fall damage.
Torrent's HP can be restored by consuming Rowa Raisins , Sweet Raisins and Frozen Raisins . Using a Flask of Crimson Tears will also restore his health on top of the player's own, however only while the player is riding him. If Torrent is killed, using the Spectral Steed Whistle will bring up a prompt to expend a single charge of the Flask of Crimson Tears to revive him.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Roundtable Hold
Roundtable Hold is a Location in Elden Ring . The Roundtable Hold is found after Melina invites to take you there. This area can only be accessed via fast travel. Derived from the Erdtree , it is a place where the Two Fingers gathers worthy Tarnished to pursue the shardbearers and eventually repair the Elden Ring.
Roundtable Hold cannot be found in the Lands Between, as it can only be accessed via fast travel. Players must unlock the location first, done through a small event with Melina (information provided below).
At the Roundtable Hold , you will find some NPCs on your first visit. A few more can be unlocked by meeting them in the open world.
Gideon Ofnir - Senior member and leader of the Hold.
Corhyn - Holy practitioner who sells Incantations.
Diallos - A noble looking for a loyal servant.
Roderika - The NPC from the hut at Stormhill Shack.
D, Hunter of the Dead - Undead hunter who can offer to give the location of Gurranq, Beast Clergyman.
Smithing Master Hewg -  A blacksmith for weapon upgrades.
Fia -  A Deathbed Companion who can offer to embrace you. (Doing so gives you a debuff as well as an item that can replace it with a buff instead - the Baldachin's Blessing ).
Nepheli Loux - A fellow Tarnished warrior first met in Stormveil Castle .
Sorcerer Rogier - A Tarnished sorcerer first encountered at Stormveil Castle .
Enia - Met after defeating your first demigod.
Ensha - The silent NPC standing outside of Gideon Ofnir's room.
Twin Maiden Husks - A vendor who will take Bell Bearings to expand their inventory.
Dung Eater - An NPC at the end of the left hall, past the Twin Maiden Husks room (looks like an invader, but cannot attack).
In order to reach Roundtable Hold, the player will need to encounter Melina once again when certain conditions are fulfilled. When the conditions are met, the player must rest at a Site of Grace on the open world, and upon doing so, Melina will appear and start a conversation automatically, in which she offers to take you to the Roundtable Hold .
For Melina to invite you to the Roundtable Hold, the player must activate/unlock (resting is not necessary) a Site of Grace in the open world--Sites of Grace in caves, tunnels and catacombs do not count for this condition. Said Site of Grace must not be located in Limgrave (West and East ) or Weeping Peninsula . The most common contenders are Liurnia of the Lakes and Caelid .
After attempting Margit the Fell Omen (he does not necessarily need to be killed) the player may rest at a Site of Grace in Limgrave such as the Castleward Tunnel Site of Grace and receive an invitation to the Roundtable from Melina if they had not received one prior by meeting the above condition.
The player can access Roundtable Hold as soon as they set foot in Limgrave (not required) by performing either of the following. Acquiring the Spectral Steed Whistle first to summon Torrent is recommended.
Reaching Liurnia of the Lakes and activating the Lake-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace. This area can be reached before facing Margit, the Fell Omen . By going to the end of the broken bridge where the Finger Reader Crone is first met (by following the path north from Stormhill Shack ), the player will be able to see some debris leading down. Going down this way and taking the following path to the right (there will be wolves along the way) will lead the player to Liurnia of the Lakes and the Lake-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace. However, this method will cause Roderika to skip the first part of her quest and appear at Roundtable Hold immediately. The Golden Seed obtained from her can still be gathered at the Stormhill Shack afterwards.
This area can be reached before facing Margit, the Fell Omen . By going to the end of the broken bridge where the Finger Reader Crone is first met (by following the path north from Stormhill Shack ), the player will be able to see some debris leading down. Going down this way and taking the following path to the right (there will be wolves along the way) will lead the player to Liurnia of the Lakes and the Lake-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace. However, this method will cause Roderika to skip the first part of her quest and appear at Roundtable Hold immediately. The Golden Seed obtained from her can still be gathered at the Stormhill Shack afterwards.
However, this method will cause Roderika to skip the first part of her quest and appear at Roundtable Hold immediately. The Golden Seed obtained from her can still be gathered at the Stormhill Shack afterwards.
Reaching Caelid and activating either the Smoldering Church or the Sellia Under-Stair Sites of Grace, or the Bestial Sanctum Site of Grace in Dragonbarrow . To reach the Smoldering Church , the player can follow the path to the northeast of Stormhill Shack , past the Saintsbridge and Summonwater Village Outskirts Sites of Grace, until reaching Caelid proper. The church will be nearby at the left side of the road (facing north), with a Site of Grace inside it. Please note that the entrance to the Smoldering Church is guarded by a NPC Invader, Anastasia, Tarnished-Eater . If the player does not wish to fight, they can opt to rush immediately inside the church and activate the Site of Grace. After this, they can either force quit the game (to despawn the invader), or simply wait around until the NPC comes up and kills them, allowing them to respawn inside the church. Then they can recover their runes and fast travel out of there. To reach the Sellia Under-Stair Site of Grace, players can opt to use the trapped chest in Dragon-Burnt Ruins in Limgrave, which will teleport them to Sellia Crystal Tunnel . After that, run to the entrance of the place, unlocking the Site of Grace (it's recommended to rest here to remove the disabled teleport debuff) and heading outside the tunnel. Once the player is outside, head to the left ignoring all the enemies and follow the path without entering the swamp, past a few crumbling ruins. To reach the Bestial Sanctum Site of Grace, use the way-gate directly north of the Third Church of Marika in eastern Limgrave. This will teleport you directly in front of the Bestial Sanctum doors. Open them, step inside and the Site of Grace is located a bit further inside, to the right between the pillars. D, Hunter of the Dead will mark the way-gate on the map if the player shows him any aquired Deathroot .
To reach the Smoldering Church , the player can follow the path to the northeast of Stormhill Shack , past the Saintsbridge and Summonwater Village Outskirts Sites of Grace, until reaching Caelid proper. The church will be nearby at the left side of the road (facing north), with a Site of Grace inside it. Please note that the entrance to the Smoldering Church is guarded by a NPC Invader, Anastasia, Tarnished-Eater . If the player does not wish to fight, they can opt to rush immediately inside the church and activate the Site of Grace. After this, they can either force quit the game (to despawn the invader), or simply wait around until the NPC comes up and kills them, allowing them to respawn inside the church. Then they can recover their runes and fast travel out of there.
Please note that the entrance to the Smoldering Church is guarded by a NPC Invader, Anastasia, Tarnished-Eater . If the player does not wish to fight, they can opt to rush immediately inside the church and activate the Site of Grace. After this, they can either force quit the game (to despawn the invader), or simply wait around until the NPC comes up and kills them, allowing them to respawn inside the church. Then they can recover their runes and fast travel out of there.
To reach the Sellia Under-Stair Site of Grace, players can opt to use the trapped chest in Dragon-Burnt Ruins in Limgrave, which will teleport them to Sellia Crystal Tunnel . After that, run to the entrance of the place, unlocking the Site of Grace (it's recommended to rest here to remove the disabled teleport debuff) and heading outside the tunnel. Once the player is outside, head to the left ignoring all the enemies and follow the path without entering the swamp, past a few crumbling ruins.
To reach the Bestial Sanctum Site of Grace, use the way-gate directly north of the Third Church of Marika in eastern Limgrave. This will teleport you directly in front of the Bestial Sanctum doors. Open them, step inside and the Site of Grace is located a bit further inside, to the right between the pillars. D, Hunter of the Dead will mark the way-gate on the map if the player shows him any aquired Deathroot .
Once Roundtable Hold is unlocked, the player can go back and forth using the Fast Travel feature on the Map menu. The place is located (in the map menu) on the bottom left corner.
Roundtable Hold acts as a hub for NPCs where players can access services, barter with merchants, and upgrade weapons and Spirit Ashes . NPCs here will have varying reactions to your presence. Some have set duties and will aid you with your quest, while others might request aid for their own quests. The rest will provide minimal interaction. You will find a number of NPCs in the central room.
As you progress through the rooms, beware of the lower section that you can enter by jumping over the balcony. Entering this area will result in a very difficult encounter with an invader, Mad Tongue Alberich.
To get back any runes that may have been lost to the invader, you can try dying right next to the big set of doors to the right of the hall after you drop down, close to where the invader spawns. After you die, go down the staircase near the blacksmith Hewg and to the doors immediately to your left (they're one and the same). You'll be able to see the glow of your runes and collect them from that side.
You can find two locked doors at the Roundtable Hold . The first door will require one Stonesword Key to open, and contains a chest holding Crepus's Black-Key Crossbow . The second door behind the first requires two keys to open (you'll need 3 keys in total to open both doors). You'll find the Assassin's Prayerbook behind the second gate.
All weapon and Spirit Ash upgrade materials up to +24 and +9, respectively (after finding the required Bell Bearings and giving them to the Twin Maiden Husks NPC merchant)
Assassin's Prayerbook (requires two Stonesword Keys )
Baldachin's Blessing (hold Fia )
Crepus's Black-Key Crossbow (requires a Stonesword Key )
Queen of the Full Moon Set
Taunter's Tongue (by killing Mad Tongue Alberich )
What Do You Want? Gesture
Reverential Bow Gesture (acquired after letting Mad Tongue Alberich complete his gesture)
Source from the Books of Knowledge, Volume II by Future Press.
Q) Roundtable Hold is probably the most enigmatic area in the game; could you provide some insight into the connection between it and the Fortified Manor in Leyndell? Is Roundtable Hold affected by the passage of time, since it starts burning when the Erdtree burns? Are these questions to which you have definitive answers?
A) The Roundtable Hold is, in a way, a place far removed from the world, though it's modeled after the Fortified Manor in Leyndell, with its state and power originating from the Erdtree. This is why when the Erdtree burns, the Roundtable Hold burns as well. As for the reason behind the Roundtable Hold's existence, while there is lore that answers this question, it's something we decided not to touch upon in this game, so I won't be revealing it here either. However, it's safe to say that the Two Fingers plays a key role.
There is a place in Leyndell Royal Capital that looks exactly like the Roundtable Hold , only that the NPCs found in Roundtable Hold are not there, giving us the idea that the Roundtable Hold seems to be the same place but located in a parallel realm.
It's required to visit the Roundtable Hold to enter Leyndell, Royal Capital .
Confessors including Crepus served the Two Fingers of the Roundtable Hold as assassins.
As of Patch 1.08 , players can interact with the statue next to Roderika to access any of the three Colosseums . Note that in order to do so, players must have visited any of them previously.
The Roundtable Hold is a place where Tarnished gather, guided by grace. Combat is prohibited on the premises due to a pact of non-aggression. ( This rule is in effect when the Roundtable icon is displayed.)
The Roundtable Hold is located outside of this world, and fast travel by grace is the only means of reaching it. (Use the map to travel there.)
Hidden sword once granted to the Tarnished of the Roundtable by the Two Fingers.
A formless cipher comprises its blade, which deals holy damage no shield can repel.
Champions would gather at the Roundtable Hold in days long past, when the Two Fingers were masters of oration, their flesh yet full of vigor.
An iron greatshield large enough to cover the entire body.
Depicts the Roundtable Hold, gathering place of champions.
Greatshields boast high damage negation and guard capacity, making enemy attacks easy to repel.
Armor worn by Vargram the Raging Wolf, one of the first Tarnished to visit the Roundtable Hold.
According to the old legends, wolves are the shadows of the Empyrean.
Vargram aspired to such a state himself.
Commonplace robe made of thick cloth. Worn by the Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm, one of the first Tarnished to visit Roundtable Hold.
A silent seeker of sorcery, who had gone so far as to make contact with the primeval current, Wilhelm was led by guidance into confrontation with his friend Vargram, and it is said that he was then taken prisoner in Roundtable Hold.
Mad Tongue Alberich's pointed hat, a sign of a heretical practitioner.
Set with red glintstones said to be formed by the blood of sacrifices. Strengthens thorn sorcery.
Alberich was an aloof yet disturbed heretical sorcerer said to have been driven mad by jeering tongues during his service to the Roundtable Hold long ago .
Black crossbow featuring a long stock. Used for sniping, it has a very long range.
Weapon of Crepus, who served the Two Fingers from the shadows of the Roundtable as the head confessor.
Small mysterious bottle with a dark mist sealed within.
Eliminates all sound made by the wearer during movement.
A ritual implement used by Roundtable Hold assassins. There was a time when Tarnished who had strayed from guidance feared nothing more than utter silence.
Incantation of the Two Fingers' servants, who once served as the assassins of the Roundtable Hold.
Creates a veil of darkness that conceals the caster. This incantation can be cast while in motion or crouching.
The assassins were themselves once Tarnished who had strayed from guidance, and they pursued their duty in the darkness that is without grace.
One of Seluvis's favorite puppets. Use to summon the spirit of Dolores the Sleeping Arrow.
Spirit of a handsome archer who dressed in the style of a man. Called the Silent Hunter by some, she fires St. Trina's arrows from her shortbow.
Dolores once belonged to the Roundtable Hold, where she was both a critic and a friend of Gideon the All-Knowing. It was because of her that he and Seluvis went their separate ways.
Iron helm singed and blistered by fingers. Worn by Vyke, knight of the Roundtable Hold.
No other Tarnished was closer to the throne of the Elden Lord than Vyke. But without announcement, Vyke traveled far below the capital, and was scorched by the flame of frenzy.
Did he make his choice for his maiden, or did some other force lure him with suggestion?
Sorcery of Fia, the Deathbed Companion.
Creates a deathly mist before the caster, which inflicts Death blight upon those who enter. This sorcery can be cast while in motion. Charging enhances range of the mist.
This sorcery was developed to oppose the Roundtable Hold, and is effective only against the Tarnished.
Roundtable Hold is the main hub area in ELDEN RING (2022) .
Entry to Roundtable Hold is possible after receiving an invitation from Melina . This can be achieved either by resting at a Site of Grace in Liurnia of the Lakes or Caelid , or by facing Margit, the Fell Omen and then resting at any Site of Grace (winning the fight with Margit is not necessary).
Roundtable Hold can only be accessed via fast travel from the map.
2 Layout 2.1 Lobby 2.2 Northern Wing 2.3 Gideon's Study 2.4 Twin Maiden Husks 2.5 Library 2.6 Eastern Wing 2.7 Fia's Room 2.8 Balcony 2.9 Hall 2.10 Living Quarters 2.11 Armory 2.12 Pantry 2.13 Dining Room 2.14 Kitchen 2.15 Audience Chamber
2.4 Twin Maiden Husks
2.10 Living Quarters
2.15 Audience Chamber
Roundtable Hold was once a gathering place of champions [ 1 ] , who would receive the wisdom of the Two Fingers . [ 2 ] Great Tarnished champions, such as Vargram the Raging Wolf [ 3 ] , Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm [ 4 ] , Mad Tongue Alberich [ 5 ] , and Roundtable Knight Vyke [ 6 ] , all convened in the Hold in the distant past. Presently, however, it is a shadow of its former self, with its present occupants not holding the venerable status of those past heroes. [ 7 ]
Roundtable Hold consists of a main floor and a cellar, each comprised of several rooms. Certain rooms are inaccessible until certain requirements are met.
The central chamber of the Hold, containing the Table of Lost Grace from which it gets its name. The player will appear in this chamber every time they visit Roundtable Hold. Brother Corhyn , Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing , and Knight Diallos can all be found here initially, later joined by Roderika, Spirit Tuner and D, Hunter of the Dead . A statue by the fireplace can be used to access the Colosseums.
The northern wing, ahead and to the left upon arriving in Roundtable Hold, consists of a corridor which branches into Gideon's study and the Twin Maiden Husks' room. Ensha of the Royal Remains stands guard outside Gideon's study, and Nepheli Loux, Warrior briefly appears here after Godrick the Grafted has been defeated.
A spacious room which has been adapted into a study by Gideon Ofnir, who can usually be found behind his desk. It will be locked upon first visiting Roundtable Hold, but will open either after claiming a Great Rune or talking to Gideon and reloading.
The Twin Maiden Husks can be found in a room through a door in the northern wing. Here, the player can buy and sell various items.
A small library behind a door in the Twin Maiden Husks' room, which will only open after touching a Site of Grace in Altus Plateau . The back of the library is piled with decaying corpses, and is occupied by the spirit of the Dung Eater .
The eastern wing is a corridor which connects to Fia's room, the armory, and the cellar. Smithing Master Hewg resides here, and is later joined by Roderika.
A large bedroom occupied by Fia, Deathbed Companion . The mirror to the left upon entering can be used to alter one's appearance.
A balcony, situated between the northern and eastern wings, which overlooks the great hall. Sorcerer Rogier takes up residence here after leaving Stormveil Castle .
A large hall lined with banners and statues, accessed by dropping down from the balcony. Mad Tongue Alberich will invade when the player approaches the far end of the hall. After he has been defeated, a wisp of light will appear which allows the player to return to the balcony above.
A series of rooms connected to the hall, to the left after dropping down from the balcony. The Cipher Pata can be found on a corpse lying on one of the beds.
A locked room at the far end of the eastern wing. It will only open after giving D the Weathered Dagger , received from Fia.
A storage room on the lower level, at the bottom of a flight of stairs past Hewg in the eastern wing. It is initially empty, but Nepheli Loux will move here after the Omenkiller in the Village of the Albinaurics has been defeated.
A narrow room connected to the pantry, which requires a Stonesword Key to open. There is a treasure chest containing Crepus's Black-Key Crossbow and 20 Black-Key Bolts .
A room connected to the dining room, requiring two Stonesword Keys to open. A treasure chest contains the Assassin's Prayerbook .
A throne room connected to the lobby, wherein resides the Two Fingers and Finger Reader Enia . This chamber is locked until at least one Great Rune has been obtained.
Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing
Roderika, Spirit Tuner
D, Hunter of the Dead
Ensha of the Royal Remains
Nepheli Loux, Warrior
Smithing Master Hewg
Fia, Deathbed Companion
Crepus's Black-Key Crossbow
Assassin's Prayerbook
The Fortified Manor, a building with an identical layout to the Roundtable Hold, is located in the Leyndell, Royal Capital , except that one stands empty.
A portrait of Marika.
A portrait of Godfrey.
A portrait of Radagon.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Guidance of Grace
This tiny golden aura is the grace of the Erdtree. [...] The rays of grace, that guide you through your burden.
Grace (祝福, Shukufuku ), also referred to as the Grace of Gold (黄金の祝福, Ōgon no Shukufuku ), [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] is a blessing given to people throughout the Lands Between by the Elden Ring and the Erdtree that symbolizes its presence. [ 4 ] This blessing is represented by a golden light in the eyes of the inhabitants of the Lands Between. [ 5 ] Those who had grace bestowed on them, but later lost it, are known as Tarnished . [ 6 ]
1 Overview 1.1 Grace 1.2 The Guidance of Grace
1.2 The Guidance of Grace
The Lands Between are blessed by the presence of the Elden Ring and by the Erdtree, which symbolizes its presence, and this has given grace or blessing to the people throughout the land, great and small. [ 5 ]
At some point, Queen Marika the Eternal took away Grace from Godfrey, First Elden Lord and his kinfolk, turning them into Tarnished. They then left the  Lands Between in an event called the Long March of the Tarnished. [ 7 ] Long afterwards, Grace would be returned to them, or their descendants, and they would be called back to the Lands Between.
At the time of the game, when given back, Grace itself is what gives the Tarnished their life. [ 8 ]
Sometimes, the Tarnished can see golden rays of Grace that point in a particular direction, called the Guidance of Grace. It exists to guide the Tarnished and lead them along the proper path. It was also said that the guidance of grace would ensure that a Finger Maiden be brought to her chosen Tarnished. Or at least, such was the promise long ago. [ 9 ]
Even now, some sites of grace retain that power, and their golden rays can guide the Tarnished along the way. [ 10 ]
It is said that true guidance awaits those with iron wills and unwavering faith, [ 11 ] although it can be lost. [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] In fact, most Tarnished don't even see it nowadays. [ 15 ]
Those in distant lands who saw the guidance of grace were usually seen as undesirables, and were usually expatriated, after which they set to journey to the Lands Between. [ 16 ] [ 17 ] Similarly, the churches outside the Lands Between, dedicated to the teachings of the Two Fingers, sent confessors out to follow the guidance of grace.
Localisation Notes Grace is called 祝福 ( Shukufuku ), meaning "blessing" or "celebration." It can also refer specifically to "blessing (from God)" in a Christian sense. [ 18 ]
Grace is called 祝福 ( Shukufuku ), meaning "blessing" or "celebration." It can also refer specifically to "blessing (from God)" in a Christian sense. [ 18 ]

---

area: Deeproot Depths
chapter: 20
name: Mending Rune of the Death-Prince
Mending Rune of the Death-Prince is a Great Rune in Elden Ring . Unlike most other Great Runes, it can't be equipped. Its only effect is to alter the ending of the game.
Rune gestated by Fia, the Deathbed Companion. Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord.
Formed of the two hallowbrand half-wheels combined, it will embed the principle of life within Death into Order.
The Golden Order was created by confining Destined Death. Thus, this new Order will be one of Death restored.
Awarded to the player by Fia after completing her questline:
After obtaining the Cursemark of Death from Divine Tower of Liurnia , bring to Fia in the Deeproot Depths . Reload the area to find her sleeping, then interact with her to trigger the Lichdragon Fortissax boss fight. Defeat it, and return to find the Rune on Fia's corpse. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Grants access to an alternative ending after defeating the final boss. See Endings page.
Obtaining this item, like the other mending runes, will not affect any other ending.
It should be noted that death has always existed in the Lands Between, noted by the various enemies the player slays and the myriad deaths they incur before being brought back through the guidance of grace.
Destined Death, or the Rune of Death (interchangeable names per Enia dialogue) is unbound after Maliketh's defeat and " the Lands Between are shrouded by Death's dark fate " (per Enia dialogue). This happens before all endings.
This mending rune is specifically about staying "the persecution of Those Who Live in Death " per Fia dialogue.
Mending Rune of the Death-Prince (死王子のルーン, Shiōji no Rūn ) is a key item in ELDEN RING (2022) .
It is necessary to achieve the Age of the Duskborn ending.
Rune gestated by Fia, the Deathbed Companion . Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord .
The Golden Order was created by confining Destined Death . Thus, this new Order will be one of Death restored.
死衾の乙女、フィア が宿したルーン エルデの王 が、壊れかけの エルデンリング を掲げる時 その修復に使用できる
それは、２つの欠環が合わさった聖痕であり 死に生きる理を、律の一部とするものである
Complete Fia 's questline.
The hallowbrand in Japanese is specifically called 聖痕 (seikon); stigmata.
Datamined icons from the CNT show a previous iteration of the Rune.
Closed Network Test version

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Mending Rune of Perfect Order
Mending Rune of Perfect Order is a Great Rune in Elden Ring . Unlike most other Great Runes, it can't be equipped. Its only effect is to alter the ending of the game.
Rune discovered by the noble Goldmask. Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord.
A rune of transcendental ideology which will attempt to perfect the Golden Order.
The current imperfection of the Golden Order, or instability of ideology, can be blamed upon the fickleness of the gods no better than men. That is the fly in the ointment.
Dropped by Goldmask in Leyndell, Ashen Capital , after following his and Brother Corhyn's questline.
Grants access to an alternative ending after defeating the final boss. See Endings page.
Obtaining this item, like the other mending runes, will not affect any other ending.
The last part of the item's description while nuanced does deviate from the Japanese text by a considerable margin. A more straightforward translation of the JP text would be " The imperfection of the current Golden Order is a result of a wavering perspective. There is no need for a god with a human heart, this was the flaw in the Order ".
Mending Rune of Perfect Order is a key item in ELDEN RING (2022) . It is needed for the Age of Order ending.
Rune discovered by the noble Goldmask . Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord .
A Rune of transcendental ideology which will attempt to perfect the Golden Order .
Complete Goldmask 's questline.

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Mending Rune of the Fell Curse
Mending Rune of the Fell Curse is a Great Rune in Elden Ring . Unlike most other Great Runes, it can't be equipped. Its only effect is to alter the ending of the game.
Loathsome rune gestated by the Dung Eater. Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord.
The reviled curse will last eternally, and the world's children, grandchildren, and every generation hence, will be its pustules.
If Order is defiled entirely, defilement is defilement no more, and for every curse, a cursed blessing.
Awarded to the player by Dung Eater after following his questline and giving him 5 Seedbed Curse.
Grants access to an alternative ending after defeating the final boss. See Endings page.
Obtaining this item, like the other mending runes, will not affect any other ending.
Seedbed Curse description: " Curse grown on a corpse killed and defiled by the Dung Eater. A tender pox afflicted with omen horns. The Dung Eater cultivates the seedbed curse on corpses. By doing so he prevents dead souls returning to the Erdtree, leaving them forever cursed. One of the most loathsome things found in the Lands Between."
Mending Rune of the Fell Curse is a Key Item in ELDEN RING (2022) .
This item is part of the Dung Eater 's questline and is needed to attain the Blessing of Despair ending.
Loathsome rune gestated by the Dung Eater . Used to restore the fractured Elden Ring when brandished by the Elden Lord .
Leyndell, Royal Capital (Underground Roadside)
Quest : retrieved from the corpse of the Dung Eater , after he has received his final fifth Seedbed Curse .
After defeating the final boss , touch fractured Marika and select Use Mending Rune of the Fell Curse to receive the Blessing of Despair ending.

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Godskin Apostles
Godskin Apostle is a Great Enemy Boss in Elden Ring . These powerful and agile humanoids clothe themselves in the skin of gods and wield unique twinblades and black flame incantations. These are optional bosses as players are not required to defeat them to advance in Elden Ring.
Godskin Apostle also appears in the Godskin Duo fight and as a spirit summon in a Spirit-Caller Snail fight.
See Godskin Apostle Lore
The apostles, once said to serve Destined Death, are wielders of the god-slaying black flame. But after their defeat by Maliketh, the Black Blade, the source of their power was sealed away.
Godskin Apostle can be found in various locations:
Dominula, Windmill Village [ More Info ↓ ] [ Map Link ]
Divine Tower of Caelid [ More Info ↓ ] [ Map Link ]
Parryable : Yes, but 2 parries are required per stance break
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken or parried
Damage: Slash , Pierce , Fire
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
The Best Tips for Godskin Apostle:
Use sleep pots with a strong spirit summon such as Lhutel the Headless +4 to bait the Apostle to provide an opening for the pot to land. If the pot is a direct hit and he stays in the cloud, 1 pot will put him to sleep. If he exits the cloud, a second pot will put him to sleep (doesn't work with online players summoned). Use a bleed weapon with the Blood Flame enchantment, and land a 3x charged combo attack when he is sleeping to do more damage/ bleed build up than performing a critical hit would do. Do this a few times and the fight is done.
Maintain a medium distance from him at all times
Use Glintstone Stars , Glintblade Phalanx or any multi-hit spells that deal Magic damage to break his poise
The Godskin Apostle is a powerful boss equipped with a twinblade that has a sickle-end for slashing and a blade-end for thrusting and stabbing. He utilizes Black Flame spells similar to the monks earlier in the tower. When fighting this boss, you want to maintain a medium distance to avoid many of his attacks and only close in during openings. His melee attacks have a bit of weight to them and he does short wind-ups before attacking, similar to but not to the same extent as Margit at Stormveil.
Some notable attack windows are when he performs his Stab & Slash; he has a moderate recovery time after the second attack in which you can safely get one or two hits in. Another one is his Jumping Overhead Slash which has a slightly longer recovery than other attacks and can guarantee 2 hits for you. These two attacks are relatively easy to dodge. The attacks you should watch out for are his Black Flame as it travels quite quickly, you should dodge as soon as you see the casting rune; and his Stab & Pull which hits twice for massive damage. Another move he may use is the Spinning Weapon in which he twirls his blade in front of him as he advances forward. Maintain your distance or dodge through and behind him.
When his HP is lowered to 60%, he will float upwards briefly and then slam down, creating a shockwave around him, signifying his second phase. Get away from him when you see him float. From  this point, he can unlatch the skin of his upper torso from the rest of his body and fling it around to greatly extend his reach as well as unlock new abilities. His notable attack windows during this phase is when he uses the Flight variant of Spinning Weapon, in which he flings his upper torso outwards while spinning his weapon. His lower body remains stationary and if you can dodge through his weapon, he will be vulnerable to attack from his elongated abdomen to his legs for the duration of the attack as his torso is locked in the animation.
He will also frequently use a Plunging Blade & Sweep move where he flings his torso upwards and then slams down with his weapon, followed by a very wide sweeping slash. Both hits are easy to read and can be outranged or dodged and he is vulnerable for a couple of seconds after the sweep. Lastly, he can perform a Black Flame Whirlwind attack where he twirls his weapon in place, creating a whirlwind extending outwards all around him. The attack culminates with him plunging his blade into the ground and causing the whirlwind to burst and extend outwards a short distance from its initial edge. Do not stand too close to the edge even when the whirlwind has stopped moving.
The strategy for ranged players is largely the same and in fact, they may have an edge as the Apostle's attacks hit below medium range, which is where ranged players want to stay at anyway. The Godskin Apostle seems susceptible to magic damage and his poise can be broken rather easily by using multi-hit spells such as Glintblade Phalanx or Glintstone Stars , allowing you to get a critical attack in.
The Godskin Apostles' theme is not in Latin. The lyrics are mostly nonsensical latinish syllables and vowel sounds arranged in a way that makes them sound like Latin. This was confirmed by youtuber Antonius Tertius (aka redditor MAGISTER-ORGANI), a Latin scholar, who contacted some music producers and singers of Elden Ring and published the official lyrics and backstage information on his channel.
Among the official singers who recorded the Godskin Apostles' theme, there were no children as some believe. The sopranos were all adult women. This was confirmed by youtuber Antonius Tertius who contacted members of the choir hired by Bandai.
Along with their Noble comrades, they served the Gloam-Eyed Queen and wielded Black Flame to slay the gods and wear their skin.
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Windmill Village
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
NPC Summons : Millicent
Head northeast from the Windmill Village Site of Grace to the very top of the village, where you'll find him waiting near a windmill. [ Map Link ]
Drops 14,000, Godskin Peeler , Scouring Black Flame
Poison : 334 / 432 / 722 / 1179
Scarlet Rot : 334 / 432 / 722 / 1179
Hemorrhage : 243 / 285 / 383 / 673
Frostbite : 334 / 432 / 722 / 1179
Sleep : 243 / 285 / 383 / 673
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
Closest Site of Grace: Divine Tower of Caelid: Basement
On the lowest level of the Divine Tower of Caelid . See the tower's page for details on how to reach as it requires some platforming. [ Map Link ]
Drops 94,000, Godskin Apostle Set
Poison : 351 / 449 / 739 / 1196
Scarlet Rot : 351 / 449 / 739 / 1196
Hemorrhage : 255 / 297 / 395 / 685
Frostbite : 351 / 449 / 739 / 1196
Sleep : 255 / 297 / 395 / 685
Superior black flame incantation of the Godskin Apostles.
Summons a circle of black flame pillars around the caster. Charging increases the size of the circle.
The Gloam-Eyed Queen led the apostles. It is said that she was an Empyrean chosen by the Fingers.
Robe made by sewing together patches of smooth skin. Worn by the Godskin Apostles.
The apostles, once said to serve Destined Death, are wielders of the god-slaying black flame.  But after their defeat by Maliketh, the Black Blade, the source of their power was sealed away.
Sacred cloth of the Godskin Apostles, made from supple skin sewn together.
Successive attacks restore HP.
The Gloam-Eyed Queen cradles newborn apostles swaddled in this cloth. Soon they will grow to become the death of the gods.
A black flame incantation of the Godskin Apostles.
Sweeps a wide area before the caster with black flame. Charging enhances range.
The black flame could once slay gods. But when Maliketh sealed Destined Death, the true power of the black flame was lost.
"Eek... I hear a festive melody... No, no, don't skin me... My hide is filthy, I swear..."
Godskin Apostle is a reoccurring boss in ELDEN RING (2022) .
1 Overview 1.1 Moveset
Lanky humanoids clad in robes sewn together from patches of smooth skin. [ 1 ] The Godskin Apostles were led by the Gloam-Eyed Queen [ 2 ] , who cradled them as newborns in a swaddling cloth made from skin much like their robes [ 3 ] . They served Destined Death [ 1 ] , and wielded god-slaying black flame. However, when Maliketh, the Black Blade , sealed away the Rune of Death, the flame's true power was lost. [ 4 ]
Can include a separate table for a specific instance of this variant's moveset.
See also: Spiritcaller Snail
See also: Godskin Noble A duo consisting of a Godskin Apostle and Godskin Noble, encountered in the Dragon Temple within Crumbling Farum Azula. They share a health bar, as well as having their own individual health. If one is killed, the other will resurrect them after a short amount of time. If both are killed before the shared health bar reaches 0, the Noble will respawn and summon the Apostle after a short amount of time.
↑ 1.0 1.1 Godskin Apostle Robe
↑ Black Flame Ritual
↑ Godskin Swaddling Cloth
↑ Scouring Black Flame
↑ Stranded Soul : "Eek... I hear a festive melody... No, no, don't skin me... My hide is filthy, I swear..."

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Black Knives
Black Knife is a Dagger in Elden Ring . The Black Knife scales primarily with Faith and Dexterity and is a good Weapon for dealing additional Holy Damage and for its Unique Skill , Blade of Death , that allows the user to fire an additional projectile.
Dagger once belonging to one of the assassins who murdered Godwyn the Golden on the Night of the Black Knives.
A ritual performed on the oddly misshapen blade imbued it with the power of the stolen Rune of Death.
The Black Knife weapon can be found at the following location:
This is a drop from defeating the Black Knife Assassin at the entrance of Sainted Hero's Grave , in Altus Plateau . This boss is directly west of the Rampartside Path site. [ Map Link ]
Black Knife can be upgraded by using Somber Smithing Stones .
This weapon can't be infused with Ashes of War
Can't be enchanted with Magic or boosted by Consumables .
This weapon has a unique R2 chain attack shared with the Blade of Calling , Erdsteel Dagger , and Fire Knight's Shortsword that performs quick double slashes.
Weapon Skill : Blade of Death - This projectile will reduce the Target's Maximum HP for a period of time while also reducing their Current HP. For further notes and tips, go to the skill's page.
You can get to this weapon without fighting any other bosses and cheese her by running behind the elevator. She will attack twice at most then despawn for a free backstab, repeat until dead. (you can also head down the elevator to get the despawn risk free but it takes longer) (tip from Monkey Meat12, copied from below.)
While this weapon is primarily designed with Dex Faith builds in mind, the Blade of Death projectile's damage is only affected by Faith scaling, meaning that a Strength Faith build utilizing Maliketh's Black Blade or the Black Blade incantation can still benefit from this weapon solely for the weapon skill alone.
This weapon may have drawn inspiration from an African hybrid knife/axe known as the mambele.
NOTE: As of Patch 1.08 , the speed and distance of some attacks has been increased and the recovery time has been reduced.
NOTE: As of Patch 1.09 , the scaling values of this weapon were changed. Please refer to the Upgrades Table of this weapon below.
Other notes and player tips go here
Daggers In-Depth Guide
Black Knife Assassin Written Guide
Patch 1.10 adjusted PVP Poise Damage of all Weapons including some Spells and Incantations . Please take note that these adjustments are exclusive to PVP .
1H R1 (1/2/3/4/5/6 Attacks): 40.5/63/63/63/63/126
1H R2 (1/2 Attacks): 72+72/72+72
1H Charged R2 (1/2 Attacks): 180+360/135+135+270
1H R1 Jumping: 60.75
2H R1 (1/2/3/4/5/6 Attacks): 52.65/81.9/81.9/81.9/81.9/163.8
2H R2 (1/2 Attacks): 79.2+79.2/79.2+79.2
2H Charged R2 (1/2 Attacks): 198+396/148.5+148.5+297
2H R1 Jumping: 78.975
Please see the Upgrades page to understand the weapon bolstering process.
Requires regular reinforcement with Somber Smithing Stones .
Black Knife is a melee armament found in ELDEN RING (2022) .
4 Upgrade Information
かつて、黒き刃の陰謀の夜に 黄金のゴッドウィンを殺した刺客たちの短刀
Received upon defeating the Black Knife Assassin in front of Sainted Hero's Grave located in Altus Plateau .
Technically leans towards a pure (80) Dexterity build with its scaling, but practically speaking a hybrid (45/45) Dexterity/ Faith build gains about as much Attack Power (AP) while also making the skill stronger since it only scales with weapon upgrade level and the user's Faith. Effectively, the hybrid build loses about 2% AP compared to the pure build (494 AP vs 503 AP) in exchange for gaining about 13% more AP for the initial hit of the skill (969 AP vs 856 AP).
Effectively, the hybrid build loses about 2% AP compared to the pure build (494 AP vs 503 AP) in exchange for gaining about 13% more AP for the initial hit of the skill (969 AP vs 856 AP).
Despite its often resisted Holy damage this weapon still pulls its weight well due to the percentage-based damage effect its skill also causes, even when dodged through. This health drain effect triggers even when rolled through so to fully avoid it can't be allowed to touch your body when dodged.
This health drain effect triggers even when rolled through so to fully avoid it can't be allowed to touch your body when dodged.
Has a unique double-hitting heavy attack shared with the Blade of Calling , Erdsteel Dagger , and Fire Knight's Shortsword . This unique attack grants 20 points in total towards the scaling of the Winged Sword Insignias instead of the usual 10 due to hitting twice. This is enough to immediately gain the first bonus of the respective Talismans.
This unique attack grants 20 points in total towards the scaling of the Winged Sword Insignias instead of the usual 10 due to hitting twice. This is enough to immediately gain the first bonus of the respective Talismans.
Upgraded with Somber Smithing Stones .
Cannot have its Affinity and Skill changed.
The upper number in the Atk column denotes Physical base damage while the lower, colored number in the Atk column denotes elemental base damage: red for Fire damage, yellow for Lightning damage, orange for Holy damage, and cyan for Magic damage.
See the Weapon Scaling page for what the scaling values mean.
While the Black Knife is a legendary item, it does not count as one of the Legendary Armaments (Achievement/Trophy) .

---

area: Deeproot Depths
chapter: 20
name: Deathbed Dream
Greetings, great champion called by grace. I am Fia.
- Fia, Deathbed Companion
Fia, Deathbed Companion is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Fia was once a Deathbed Companion. She would receive the warmth and vigor from champions, and then lay with the remains of an exalted noble, to grant him another chance at life. [ 1 ] This was the sole purpose of Fia's existence, and was considered a sacred act in her homeland. [ 2 ]
However, before Fia could bear the noble into new life, she was awakened by the guidance of grace, and chased from her birthplace, travelling to the Lands Between . [ 3 ] At some point she met a chivalrous knight by the name of Lionel the Lionhearted . Upon meeting the exiled Fia, Lionel declared himself to be her father, and became her loyal companion.. [ 4 ]
Fia found herself in Roundtable Hold , where she continued to perform her role as a Deathbed Companion. Here, she encountered Rogier , a spellblade obsessed with Those Who Live in Death, and a Tarnished champion seeking to become Elden Lord . Rogier began an investigation into the events surrounding the Night of Black Knives , which had led to the death of Godwyn, aided by the Tarnished champion. Fia subtly aided the pair in their investigation, pointing them towards the Black Knifeprint [ 5 ] , and granted her services to the Tarnished champion, taking their warmth and vigor in exchange for her blessings.
Unbeknownst to the other Tarnished of Roundtable Hold, Fia was the companion of Godwyn , the Prince of Death, and wished to become a mother to Those Who Live in Death. [ 6 ] After asking the Tarnished to return a Weathered Dagger to D, Hunter of the Dead , Fia kills D, who was in possession of one half of the Cursemark of Death [ 7 ] ,  and returns the Cursemark to the malformed corpse of Godwyn in Deeproot Depths . She then solicits the assistance of the Tarnished in retrieving the other half of the Cursemark, which she uses to gestate a Mending Rune that can embed the principle of Life in Death into Order. [ 8 ]
D, Beholder of Death , seeking revenge for his brother, D, kills Fia after she creates her Mending Rune.
Fia's questline ties into the questlines of several other NPCs, and is required in order to achieve the Age of the Duskborn ending.
Roundtable Hold Fia can be found in her room in Roundtable Hold. Initially she will be available to provide a Baldachin's Blessing. After Rogier comes to Roundtable Hold and discusses the Night of Black Knives, Fia will provide a Knifeprint Clue. The Black Knifeprint must be obtained and given to Rogier.
Fia can be found in her room in Roundtable Hold. Initially she will be available to provide a Baldachin's Blessing.
After Rogier comes to Roundtable Hold and discusses the Night of Black Knives, Fia will provide a Knifeprint Clue. The Black Knifeprint must be obtained and given to Rogier.
Roundtable Hold After triggering the Radahn Festival, Fia will ask you to return the Weathered Dagger to its rightful owner. You must give this to D, Hunter of the Dead, and reload the area. Fia can now be found in a previously locked room, standing over D's corpse. Exhaust her dialogue and she will disappear.
After triggering the Radahn Festival, Fia will ask you to return the Weathered Dagger to its rightful owner. You must give this to D, Hunter of the Dead, and reload the area.
Fia can now be found in a previously locked room, standing over D's corpse. Exhaust her dialogue and she will disappear.
Deeproot Depths Defeat Fia's Champions and rest at the Site of Grace. Fia will be sitting in front of Godwyn's corpse. She will offer you the opportunity to kill her. To continue her questline, select "No, I want to be held." Selecting "That's right" will not lock you out of the rest of the questline, and you can change your mind by speaking to her again. While being held, choose "Talk in Secret" to learn about the Cursemark of Death.
Defeat Fia's Champions and rest at the Site of Grace. Fia will be sitting in front of Godwyn's corpse. She will offer you the opportunity to kill her. To continue her questline, select "No, I want to be held." Selecting "That's right" will not lock you out of the rest of the questline, and you can change your mind by speaking to her again.
While being held, choose "Talk in Secret" to learn about the Cursemark of Death.
Divine Tower of Liurnia In order to access the Divine Tower of Liurnia, you need to have progressed Ranni the Witch 's quest and received the Carian Inverted Statue . Use the statue on the pedestal in the first room of the Carian Study Hall and progress through the area to the Divine Tower. Retrieve the Cursemark of Death from the top of the tower.
In order to access the Divine Tower of Liurnia, you need to have progressed Ranni the Witch 's quest and received the Carian Inverted Statue . Use the statue on the pedestal in the first room of the Carian Study Hall and progress through the area to the Divine Tower.
Retrieve the Cursemark of Death from the top of the tower.
Deeproot Depths Speak to Fia again and select "Talk in Secret" until you receive the option to hand Fia the Cursemark of Death. Exhaust her dialogue once again and reload the area to find her sleeping.
Speak to Fia again and select "Talk in Secret" until you receive the option to hand Fia the Cursemark of Death.
Exhaust her dialogue once again and reload the area to find her sleeping.
Deathbed Dream Interact with Fia's body to enter the Deathbed Dream. Defeat Lichdragon Fortissax to return to Deeproot Depths.
Interact with Fia's body to enter the Deathbed Dream. Defeat Lichdragon Fortissax to return to Deeproot Depths.
Deeproot Depths Loot the Mending Rune of the Death-Prince from Fia's body. This will allow you to achieve the Age of Duskborn ending. Reload the area to find Fia dead, with D, Beholder of Death standing over her.
Loot the Mending Rune of the Death-Prince from Fia's body. This wi

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Remembrance of the Elden Beast
Elden Remembrance is a Consumable Item in Elden Ring . Most Consumables grant various effects such as restorative properties for recovering HP, removing certain negative status effects or applying temporary buffs and debuffs, while others can be thrown at enemies to deal damage.
Remembrance of the Elden Beast, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
It was the vassal beast of the Greater Will and living incarnation of the concept of Order.
Obtained as a reward for defeating the Elden Beast at the Elden Throne .
Elden Remembrance can either be traded for 50,000 Runes or handed to Enia in Roundtable Hold to unlock its power.
If the second alternative is chosen, the remembrance will supply the player with Marika's Hammer or Sacred Relic Sword . See Remembrance Weapons (Boss Weapons) for details.
Remembrances can be duplicated at a Wandering Mausoleum . Only one remembrance may be duplicated per mausoleum, and only one time.
You can hold up to 99 Elden Remembrance.
You can store up to 600 Elden Remembrance.
Notes and tips go here.
Elden Remembrance is a consumable tool in ELDEN RING (2022) .
Can be consumed to gain 50000 Runes or can be traded with Finger Reader Enia for either Marika's Hammer or Sacred Relic Sword .
Leyndell, Ashen Capital (Elden Throne)
While Remembrances can be duplicated more than once through different Wandering Mausoleums , they can't be traded for a copy of an already obtained item in the same playthrough.

---

area: Caelid
chapter: 9
name: Remembrance of the Starscourge
Remembrance of the Starscourge is a Consumable Item in Elden Ring . Most Consumables grant various effects such as restorative properties for recovering HP, removing certain negative status effects or applying temporary buffs and debuffs, while others can be thrown at enemies to deal damage.
Remembrance of Starscourge Radahn, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
The Red Lion General wielded gravitational powers which he learned in Sellia during his younger days. All so he would never have to abandon his beloved but scrawny steed.
Obtained as a reward for defeating Starscourge Radahn . [ Map Link ] Video Location
Remembrance of the Starscourge can either be traded for 40,000 Runes or handed to Enia in Roundtable Hold to unlock its power.
If the second alternative is chosen, the remembrance will supply the player with the Starscourge Greatsword or the Lion Greatbow . See Remembrance Weapons (Boss Weapons) for details.
Remembrances can be duplicated at a Wandering Mausoleum . Only one remembrance may be duplicated per mausoleum, and only one time.
You can hold up to 99 Remembrance of the Starscourge.
You can store up to 600 Remembrance of the Starscourge.
Consume/Sell value: 40,000
Notes and tips go here.
Remembrance of the Starscourge is a consumable tool in ELDEN RING (2022) .
Can be consumed to gain 40000 Runes or can be traded with Finger Reader Enia for either Starscourge Greatsword or Lion Greatbow .
Starscourge Greatsword
Drop : Starscourge Radahn , alongside Radahn's Great Rune .
While Remembrances can be duplicated more than once through different Wandering Mausoleums , they can't be traded for a copy of an already obtained item in the same playthrough.

---

area: Elphael
chapter: 28
name: Remembrance of the Rot Goddess
Remembrance of the Rot Goddess is a Consumable Item in Elden Ring . Most Consumables grant various effects such as restorative properties for recovering HP, removing certain negative status effects or applying temporary buffs and debuffs, while others can be thrown at enemies to deal damage.
Remembrance of Malenia, Goddess of Rot, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Miquella and Malenia are both the children of a single god. As such they are both Empyreans, but suffered afflictions from birth. One was cursed with eternal childhood, and the other harbored rot within.
Obtained as a reward for defeating Malenia, Blade of Miquella . [ Elden Ring Map Here ] Video Location
Remembrance of the Rot Goddess can either be traded for 50,000 Runes or handed to Enia in Roundtable Hold to unlock its power.
If the second alternative is chosen, the remembrance will supply the player with Hand of Malenia or Scarlet Aeonia . See Remembrance Weapons (Boss Weapons) for details.
Remembrances can be duplicated at a Wandering Mausoleum . Only one remembrance may be duplicated per mausoleum, and only one time.
You can hold up to 99 Remembrance of the Rot Goddess.
You can store up to 600 Remembrance of the Rot Goddess.
Note : Official English vs. 日本語
• In 日本語, they are described as being :
脆弱 「ぜい・じゃく」( zei・jyaku )
脆 = brittle, frail, sentimental, easy to beat (i.e. the body is easy to enter, whether it's pathogens... or overly sentimental )
> So it can be seen why the official translation would go with: " cursed " Yet, for anyone that's heard " I am Malenia. Blade of Miquella ," ...for the 100th time... knows that at least one of the twins is far... far... from " weak " or " easy to beat ."
Remembrance of the Rot Goddess is a consumable tool in ELDEN RING (2022) .
Remembrance of Malenia, Goddess of Rot, hewn into the Edrtree.
Can be consumed to gain 50000 Runes or can be traded with Finger Reader Enia for either Hand of Malenia or Scarlet Aeonia incantation .
Miquella's Haligtree (Haligtree Roots)
Drop : Malenia, Blade of Miquella . alongside Malenia's Great Rune .
While Remembrances can be duplicated more than once through different Wandering Mausoleums , they can't be traded for a copy of an already obtained item in the same playthrough.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Remembrance of the Grafted
Remembrance of the Grafted is a Consumable Item in Elden Ring . Most Consumables grant various effects such as restorative properties for recovering HP, removing certain negative status effects or applying temporary buffs and debuffs, while others can be thrown at enemies to deal damage.
Remembrance of Godrick, the Grafted, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
A feeble man sought power through the grotesque act of grafting. "One day we'll return together, to our home, bathed in rays of gold."
Obtained as a reward for defeating Godrick the Grafted at Stormveil Castle . [ Map Link ] [ Video Location ]
Remembrance of the Grafted can either be sold or consumed for 20,000 Runes , or handed to Enia in Roundtable Hold to unlock its power.
If the second alternative is chosen, Remembrance of the Grafted will supply the player with Axe of Godrick or Grafted Dragon armaments. See Remembrance Weapons (Boss Weapons) for details.
Remembrances can be duplicated at a Wandering Mausoleum . Only one remembrance may be duplicated per mausoleum, and only one time.
You can hold up to 99 Remembrance of the Grafted.
You can store up to 600 Remembrance of the Grafted.
Notes and tips go here.
Remembrance of the Grafted is a consumable tool in ELDEN RING (2022) .
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a bounty of runes.
Can be consumed to gain 20000 Runes or can be traded with Finger Reader Enia for either Grafted Dragon at the cost of 2000 Runes or Axe of Godrick .
Limgrave (Secluded Cell)
Drop : Godrick the Grafted , alongside Godrick's Great Rune .
While Remembrances can be duplicated more than once through different Wandering Mausoleums , they can't be traded for a copy of an already obtained item in the same playthrough.

---

area: Mohgwyn Palace
chapter: 23
name: Remembrance of the Blood Lord
Remembrance of the Blood Lord is a Consumable Item in Elden Ring . Most Consumables grant various effects such as restorative properties for recovering HP, removing certain negative status effects or applying temporary buffs and debuffs, while others can be thrown at enemies to deal damage.
Remembrance of Mohg, Lord of Blood, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Wishing to raise Miquella to full godhood, Mohg wished to become his consort, taking the role of monarch. But no matter how much of his bloody bedchamber he tried to share, he received no response from the young Empyrean.
Obtained as a reward for defeating Mohg, Lord of Blood found at the Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum . [ Map Link ]
Remembrance of the Blood Lord can either be sold or consumed for 30,000 Runes , or handed to Enia in Roundtable Hold to unlock its power.
If the second alternative is chosen, Remembrance of the Blood Lord will supply the player with Bloodboon Incantation or Mohgwyn's Sacred Spear .
Remembrances can be duplicated at a Wandering Mausoleum . Only one remembrance may be duplicated per mausoleum, and only one time.
You can hold up to 99 Remembrance of the Blood Lord.
You can store up to 600 Remembrance of the Blood Lord.
Notes and tips go here.
Remembrance of the Blood Lord is a consumable tool in ELDEN RING (2022) .
Wishing to raise Miquella to full godhood, Mohg wished to be his consort, taking the role of monarch. But no matter how much of his bloody bedchamber he tried to share, he received no response from the young Empyrean.
Can be consumed to gain 30000 Runes or can be traded with Finger Reader Enia for either Mohgwyn's Sacred Spear or Bloodboon incantation .
Mohgwyn's Sacred Spear
Mohgwyn Palace (Dynasty Mausoleum Midpoint)
Drop : Mohg, Lord of Blood , alongside Mohg's Great Rune .
While Remembrances can be duplicated more than once through different Wandering Mausoleums , they can't be traded for a copy of an already obtained item in the same playthrough.

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Remembrance of the Full Moon Queen
Remembrance of the Full Moon Queen is a Consumable Item in Elden Ring . Most Consumables grant various effects such as restorative properties for recovering HP, removing certain negative status effects or applying temporary buffs and debuffs, while others can be thrown at enemies to deal damage.
Remembrance of Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
In her youth, Rennala was a prominent champion who charmed the academy with her lunar magic, becoming its master. She also led the Glintstone Knights and established the house of Caria as royalty.
Obtained as a reward for defeating Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon at Raya Lucaria Academy . [ Map Link ] Video Location
Remembrance of the Full Moon Queen can either be traded for 20,000 Runes or handed to Enia in Roundtable Hold to unlock its power.
If the second alternative is chosen, Remembrance of the Full Moon Queen will supply the player with Rennala's Full Moon or Carian Regal Scepter .
Remembrances can be duplicated at a Wandering Mausoleum . Only one remembrance may be duplicated per mausoleum, and only one time.
You can hold up to 99 Remembrance of the Full Moon Queen.
You can store up to 600 Remembrance of the Full Moon Queen.
Notes and tips go here.
Remembrance of the Full Moon Queen is a consumable tool in ELDEN RING (2022) .
In her youth, Rennala was prominent champion who charmed the academy with her lunar magic, becoming its master. She also led the Glintstone Knights and established the house of Caria as royalty.
Can be consumed to gain 20000 Runes or can be traded with Finger Reader Enia for either Carian Regal Scepter or Rennala's Full Moon spell .
Carian Regal Scepter
Liurnia of the Lakes (Debate Parlor)
Drop : Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon , alongside Great Rune of the Unborn .
While Remembrances can be duplicated more than once through different Wandering Mausoleums , they can't be traded for a copy of an already obtained item in the same playthrough.

---

area: Farum Azula
chapter: 22
name: Remembrance of the Dragonlord
Remembrance of the Dragonlord is a Consumable Item in Elden Ring . Most Consumables grant various effects such as restorative properties for recovering HP, removing certain negative status effects or applying temporary buffs and debuffs, while others can be thrown at enemies to deal damage.
Remembrance of Dragonlord Placidusax, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
The Dragonlord whose seat lies at the heart of the storm beyond time is said to have been Elden Lord in the age before the Erdtree. Once his god was fled, the lord continued to await its return.
Obtained as a reward for defeating Dragonlord Placidusax . [ Elden Ring Map Here ] Video Location
Remembrance of the Dragonlord can either be traded for 30,000 Runes or handed to Enia in Roundtable Hold to unlock its power.
If the second alternative is chosen, the remembrance will supply the player with Dragon King's Cragblade or Placidusax’s Ruin . See Remembrance Weapons (Boss Weapons) for details.
Remembrances can be duplicated at a Wandering Mausoleum . Only one remembrance may be duplicated per mausoleum, and only one time.
You can hold up to 99 Remembrance of the Dragonlord.
You can store up to 600 Remembrance of the Dragonlord.
Notes and tips go here.
Remembrance of the Dragonlord is a consumable tool in ELDEN RING (2022) .
Can be consumed to gain 30000 Runes or can be traded with Finger Reader Enia for either Dragon King's Cragblade at the cost of 20000 Runes or Placidusax's Ruin incantation .
Dragon King's Cragblade
Crumbling Farum Azula (Besides the Great Bridge)
Drop : Dragonlord Placidusax
While Remembrances can be duplicated more than once through different Wandering Mausoleums , they can't be traded for a copy of an already obtained item in the same playthrough.

---

area: Farum Azula
chapter: 22
name: Remembrance of the Black Blade
Remembrance of the Black Blade is a Consumable Item in Elden Ring . Most Consumables grant various effects such as restorative properties for recovering HP, removing certain negative status effects or applying temporary buffs and debuffs, while others can be thrown at enemies to deal damage.
Remembrance of Maliketh, the Black Blade, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Maliketh was a shadowbound beast given to his Empyrean. Marika's sole need of her shadow was a vessel to lock away Destined Death. Even then, she betrayed him.
Obtained as a reward for defeating Maliketh, The Black Blade . [ Elden Ring Map Here ] Video Location
Remembrance of the Black Blade can either be traded for 30,000 Runes or handed to Enia in Roundtable Hold to unlock its power.
If the second alternative is chosen, the remembrance will supply the player with Maliketh's Black Blade or Black Blade Incantation . See Remembrance Weapons (Boss Weapons) for details.
Remembrances can be duplicated at a Wandering Mausoleum . Only one remembrance may be duplicated per mausoleum, and only one time.
You can hold up to 99 Remembrance of the Black Blade.
You can store up to 600 Remembrance of the Black Blade.
"Sole" is not present in the original JP description.
A more close translation would be "Marika desired her shadowbound beast to be the seal for Destined Death. Afterwards, Marika betrayed him"
Remembrance of the Black Blade is a consumable tool in ELDEN RING (2022) .
Can be consumed to gain 30000 Runes or can be traded with Finger Reader Enia for either Black Blade or Maliketh's Black Blade .
Maliketh's Black Blade
Crumbling Farum Azula (Beside the Great Bridge)
Drop : Maliketh, the Black Blade
While Remembrances can be duplicated more than once through different Wandering Mausoleums , they can't be traded for a copy of an already obtained item in the same playthrough.

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Remembrance of the Omen King
Remembrance of the Omen King is a Consumable Item in Elden Ring . Most Consumables grant various effects such as restorative properties for recovering HP, removing certain negative status effects or applying temporary buffs and debuffs, while others can be thrown at enemies to deal damage.
Remembrance of Morgott, the Omen King, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Though born one of the graceless Omen, Morgott took it upon himself to become the Erdtree's protector. He loved not in return, for he was never loved, but nevertheless, love it he did.
Dropped by Morgott the Omen King in Leyndell, Royal Capital . [ Map Link ]
Remembrance of the Omen King can either be traded for 30,000 Runes or handed to Enia in Roundtable Hold to unlock its power.
If the second alternative is chosen, the remembrance will supply the player with Morgott's Cursed Sword or Regal Omen Bairn . See Remembrance Weapons (Boss Weapons) for details.
Remembrances can be duplicated at a Wandering Mausoleum . Only one remembrance may be duplicated per mausoleum, and only one time.
Known as Remembrance of the Omen Prince in 1.00 version of the game
You can hold up to 99 Remembrance of the Omen King.
You can store up to 600 Remembrance of the Omen King.
Known as Remembrance of the Omen Prince in the 1.00 version of Elden Ring.
Remembrance of the Omen King is a consumable tool in ELDEN RING (2022) .
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a bounty of runes.
Though born one of the graceless Omen, Morgott took it upon himself to become the Erdtree's protector. He loved not in return, for he was never loved. But nevertheless love it he did.
Can be consumed to gain 30000 Runes or can be traded with Finger Reader Enia for either Morgott's Cursed Sword at the cost of 5000 Runes or Regal Omen Bairn .
Morgott's Cursed Sword
Leyndell, Royal Capital (Queen's Bedchamber)
Drop : Morgott, the Omen King , alongside Morgott's Great Rune .
While Remembrances can be duplicated more than once through different Wandering Mausoleums , they can't be traded for a copy of an already obtained item in the same playthrough.

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Dark Moon Ring
Dark Moon Ring is a Key Item in Elden Ring . Dark Moon Ring is required to finish Ranni's quest. Key Items in Elden Ring include a wide variety of items found in specific locations or are given by a related NPCs which are used to unlock areas, quests, and to further progress the game's story.
Ring depicting a leaden full moon. Symbolic of a cold oath, the ring is supposed to be given by Lunar Princess Ranni to her consort.
Ranni is an Empyrean, meaning her consort would by rights earn the title of lord.
A warning is engraved within; "Whoever thou mayest be, take not the ring from this place, the solitude beyond the night is better mine alone."
Found in a locked chest next to the Raya Lucaria Grand Library Site of Grace - which is available after you defeat Rennala. Unlocked using the Discarded Palace Key . [ Map Link ] Video Location
Dark Moon Ring allows passage through an otherwise sealed pathway behind Astel Naturalborn of the Void , leading towards the Cathedral of Manus Celes . Can be used on Ranni's body in the Cathedral of Manus Celes to finish her questline.
Notes & Tips go here
Dark Moon Ring is a Key Item in ELDEN RING (2022) .
This item is part of Ranni the Witch 's questline.
Liurnia of the Lakes ( Raya Lucaria Grand Library )
Area : inside the chest near Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon that requires the Discarded Palace Key to open.
Firstly, it dispells the seal found after Astel Naturalborn of the Void that leads to the Moonlight Altar of Liurnia, then it allows the player to marry Ranni below the Cathedral of Manus Celes, unlocking her summon sign after the final boss which triggers the Age of the Stars ending.

---

area: Nokron Eternal City
chapter: 8
name: Nokron Eternal City
Descend underground where the fallen star struck Limgrave. And make it yours. The precious treasure of Nokron.
- War Counselor Iji — ELDEN RING (2022)
Nokron, Eternal City is a sub-region located in Siofra River .
7 Crafting Materials
One of the Eternal Cities inhabited by the Nox , who were banished underground after invoking the ire of the Greater Will . [ 1 ] Nokron houses the Fingerslayer Blade , a blood-drenched fetish made from a corpse which can harm the Greater Will and its vassals, and is proof of the treason of the Nox. [ 2 ]
Nokron is notably difficult to access, although a band of slaves-turned-soldiers managed to find their way there, becoming trapped in the subterranean realm after the discover of Ghostflame . [ 3 ] While the city is visible from the lower portion of Siofra River, the route to it is only opened after Starscourge Radahn is defeated, which causes a star to fall upon Limgrave , opening a deep crater near Fort Haight .
Regal Ancestor Spirit
D, Beholder of Death
Clarifying Horn Charm +1
Ancestral Infant's Head
Ghost-Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing
Greatshield Soldier Ashes
Missionary's Cookbook 5
Ash of War: Enchanted Shot
Silver Tear Mask (dropped by Mimic Tear)
Gargoyle's Greatsword (dropped by Valiant Gargoyles)
Gargoyle's Twinblade (dropped by Valiant Gargoyles)
Remembrance of the Regal Ancestor (dropped by Regal Ancestor Spirit)

---

area: Deeproot Depths
chapter: 20
name: Deeproot Depths
Deeproot Depths is a Location in Elden Ring . The Deeproot Depths region is found underground and is accessed by resting in a coffin after defeating the Valiant Gargoyle in Siofra Aqueduct , or alternatively, through a hidden passage near the Frenzied Flame Proscription [ Map ] grace in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds . From the Cathedral of the Forsaken grace (after defeating Mohg, the Omen ), head through the hidden passage behind the chest and make your way to the Frenzied Flame Proscription grace at the very bottom. Roll into the southeastern wall to reveal a hidden passage with a chest and roll into the wall behind the chest to reveal yet another hidden passage and the Root-Facing Cliffs grace.
You can use your mount in Deeproot Depths .
At the very depths of the Erdtree's majestic roots lies the source of the Ainsel and the Siofra rivers. Here too begins the network of Greattree roots that spread throughout the Lands Between.
Map (Deeproot Depths) : Can be found on a corpse in a gazebo amid the destroyed ruins. [ Elden Ring Map here ]
Across the Roots [ Elden Ring Map here ]
Deeproot Depths [ Elden Ring Map here ]
Great Waterfall Crest [ Elden Ring Map here ]
Prince of Death's Throne [ Elden Ring Map here ]
Root-Facing Cliffs [ Elden Ring Map here ]
The Nameless Eternal City [ Elden Ring Map here ]
Walking Mausoleum [ Elden Ring Map here ]
D's Twin Brother - found next to Fia at the end of her questline
Fia - found in the boss room of the area. On her left is a waygate to the East Capital Rampart at the conclusion to her questline.
Finger Reader Crone - Can be found at the edge of the cliffs after finding the second Site of Grace in Deeproot Depths . [ Elden Ring Map here ]
Eclipse Crest Greatshield
Numen's Rune (only from the Root-Facing Cliffs)
Lightning Greatbolt can be found next to the Walking Mausoleum
Somber Smithing Stone (6)
Somber Smithing Stone (7)
Consumables Clarifying Boluses
Weapons Prince of Death's Staff Silurias's Tree Staff of the Avatar
Prince of Death's Staff
Armor Crucible Tree Set
Talismans Prince of Death's Cyst
Prince of Death's Cyst
Incantations Elden Stars
Spirit Ashes Mausoleum Soldier Ashes
Mausoleum Soldier Ashes
Key Items Stonesword Key
Ash of War: Golden Land
Ash of War: Vacuum Slice
Crucible Knight Siluria
Lichdragon Fortissax
Taking the coffin from Siofra Aqueduct brings you to a spot just across the Great Waterfall Crest Site of Grace in Deeproot Depths. Head west from this Site of Grace and right off the bat you'll encounter an Erdtree Avatar . Defeat it and it'll drop the Staff of the Avatar .
In the area, you'll also be able to find a Ghost Glovewort (4) and a Teardrop Scarab that drops the Ash of War: Golden Land when defeated. From here, the way forward is by crossing the nearby tree roots to the west. While you're crossing the roots, look to your north-west and you'll be able to spot a cave filled with Giant Ants . (You can see the exit with an item further ahead, the entrance is closer to where you began, at the end of a branch.) Get to the end and you'll find the Elden Stars Incantation . Head back to the roots and cross to the other side.
When you get back on land, just slightly ahead are some flying Giant Ants. The bodies they're guarding have three Warming Stones , a Golden Rune (6) , and a Smithing Stone (4) . Be sure to grab the Ghost Glovewort (4) nearby too. Further west is the Deeproot Depths Site of Grace and a Finger Reader Crone right next to the cliff. Head north to find a ruin filled with Basilisks , a Smithing Stone (6) , and a Rune Arc . Further north is a larger ruin structure where you'll find a gazebo.
On the way, you'll be able to pick up five Hefty Beast Bones , a Dragonwound Grease , and a Ghost Glovewort (5) , and in the gazebo itself, you will find the Map (Deeproot Depths) .
With the map-making navigation easier, head hard east towards a waterfall. There's a cave behind this waterfall and defeating the Runebear inside nets you the Prince of Death's Cyst . Head back to the large ruin and on the way, you can find a Ghost Glovewort (5) . Inside the room is an enemy guarding the Ash of War: Vacuum Slice . On the western side of the ruins, you'll find a Teardrop Scarab that drops a Somber Smithing Stone (6) .
Head southwest and you'll come across The Nameless City Site of Grace. West of this Site of Grace, in the water and among the ruins, are multiple corpses strewn around. By looting the bodies, you can get yourself two Golden Rune (8) , a Golden Rune (9) , two Smithing Stone (4) , a Clarifying Boluses , five Human Bone Shards , and a Nascent Butterfly . Within this mess of bodies, you can also find a Ghost Glovewort (5) . Head to the western edge of the waterfall and you'll find another coffin you can rest in. This coffin takes you to Ainsel River Main .
If you took the coffin, grab the Ainsel River Main Site of Grace and teleport back to The Nameless Eternal City Site of Grace. Before we start exploring again it's recommended to ground the Walking Mausoleum in this area. While it stands, a bunch of Mausoleum Knights and Mausoleum Soldiers will be patrolling a majority of the northern section of Deeproot Depths, making navigation dangerous. Of course, you can choose to defeat them individually instead to gain their unique drops. Head directly north and you'll be able to spot the Walking Mausoleum. If you're having a tough time grounding it, take a look at the notes section below for some tips.
Up here in the northern section, much of the navigation is done by climbing tree roots. There are also several spirit springs around to help you get up to the roofs of buildings or as a shortcut up to the higher cliff ledges. From the Walking Mausoleum, head southwest to find a Somber Smithing Stone (7) in a ruin. Head further southwest and you'll find a Ghost Glovewort (6) by the side of the cliff. If you take the spirit spring up to the building nearby, you can find a Stonesword Key .
Take the nearby tree roots up to the higher cliff and turn westward. You'll find an optional boss, Crucible Knight Siluria , who upon defeat, will drop Siluria's Tree . (An easy way to cheese this boss is to take the spirit spring up from the water, and land on the left-hand side -- immediately crouch, and you can sneak behind the knight to begin applying Poison Mist.)
By the base of the tree, they were guarding is a Ghost Glovewort (7) , and inside is a chest with the Crucible Tree Set . Head east from where you fought Siluria, still staying on this high ledge, and follow the root branches. At the tip of one branch, you can jump on top of a ruined building with a Somber Smithing Stone (6) . Dropping down and heading further east, past the Mausoleum, you can find the Mausoleum Soldier Ashes leaning against a small petrified tree stump.
Head back to where the Walking Mausoleum is and slightly to the south is a cave with a Runebear , as well as several remains with Fan Daggers , a Somber Smithing Stone (7) and a Golden Rune (8) .
Head back south, up on the hill. Climbing up the roots and buildings here, you'll be able to loot a bunch more smithing stones and golden runes. One building here, in particular, has the Prince of Death's Staff on its roof. Climb the roots here up and east and you'll be able to get to the Across the Roots Site of Grace.
Trace the roots back a little and then follow them to the south of grace site, to the top of waterfall. That area is mostly empty, aside from few ants (including nasty armored one) and Ghost Glovewort (7) . In the area there's also a hole leading to runebear cave. Carefully drop into in to get Somber Smithing Stone (7) on a previously unreachable ledge. Remember that runebear sleeps below, so you might want to use some Soft Cotton to not wake it up.
If you're here to progress Fia's questline, up ahead is the area you're looking for. When you head in, you'll be greeted by Fia's Champions . This is a special boss fight that has 3 waves of enemies as opposed to one large and tough enemy. Upon defeating them all, you'll receive Fia's Mist and be able to interact with the Prince of Death's Throne Site of Grace. By speaking to Fia and giving her the Cursemark of Death , you'll be able to face the Lichdragon Fortissax , a dragon boss required for her quest. Defeat it and you'll receive the Remembrance of the Lichdragon . What you receive for completing this part of the quest and what happens afterward can be found on Fia's NPC page. Portal near Fia leads to Leyndell Capital near East Capital Rampart grace site.
The area above the Great Waterfall Crest grace site can only be reached through the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds . After killing Mohg, the Omen there's a hidden path behind his reward chest. Follow the dungeon down until you reach the Frenzied Flame Proscription grace site. Roll into a southern wall to reveal a hidden path. Follow that path and after another obvious hidden wall, you'll reach Deeproot Depths again.
The Walking Mausoleum is at the north and it has no vulnerabilities on its feet, you need to climb the roots starting from the northeast and approach jumping between roots to make your way to the top of the Mausoleum, the skull deposits are around the Mausoleum building on the top, once you destroy a few, the Walking Mausoleum falls.
The ruined city within the perimeter of the Deeproot Depths shares it's architectural features with the twin Eternal Cities, Nokron and Noxstella . Given it is in ruins, it is likely the Eternal City destroyed by Astel, Naturalborn of the Void .
Interestingly, the ruins of the city line up perfectly with the giant chasm within in the Leyndel city walls in the north-western part of the city, just beyond the non-functional main gate of the city. Directly adjacent to this chasm is the section of Leyndel where the Lower Capital Church is located. Examining the architecture of this part of the city reveals that it is almost identical to that of Ordina, Liturgical Town and Sellia, Town of Sorcery , the latter of which has ties to the Eternal City of Nokron and features one of their distinctive chair-monuments, guarded by a Nox Priestess and a Nox Monk . All of this hints at the possibility that this nameless Eternal City was once a part of Leyndel itself, or that Leyndel was an off-shoot of the Eternal City, which survived the destruction by Astel and became the Capital of the Golden Order Era.
Deeproot Depths is an underground region in ELDEN RING (2022) .
An enormous cavern at the roots of the Erdtree , which is the source of the Ainsel and Siofra rivers. The network of roots that spread throughout the Lands Between also begins here. [ 1 ]
A nameless Eternal City lies in ruins here, with many of its buildings sinking into a mire of pale liquid. In the north-western area, a Wandering Mausoleum prowls, surrounded by Mausoleum Soldiers and Knights . To the far west, Siluria , one of the two leaders of the Crucible Knights, awaits at the stump of a dead tree.
After Godwyn the Golden was killed on the Night of Black Knives , his body was buried in the Erdtree's roots. [ 2 ] His malformed body, corrupted by Death, can be found to the north of the cavern. It is here that Fia resides after fleeing Roundtable Hold .
This area can be reached by either defeating the Valiant Gargoyles duo boss in Siofra Aqueduct or by finding an illusory wall at the bottom of the Frenzied Flame Proscription , found behind a movable wall guarded by Mohg, the Omen at the bottom of the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds .
An abandoned coffin found along the southwestern shore of the shallow body of water allows travel to Ainsel River Main , the northern part of Ainsel River .
Ravaged Valiant Gargoyle

---

area: Farum Azula
chapter: 22
name: Farum Azula
Crumbling Farum Azula is a Legacy Dungeon in Elden Ring . Crumbling Farum Azula may also be considered a very small region , which can be reached through the Site of Grace at the Forge of the Giants in Mountaintops of the Giants , either by talking to Melina or listening to the flame, depending on your prior decisions in the game.
A smaller portion of the area can be reached through one of the waygates in The Four Belfries . In this part, you can find the Pearldrake Talisman on a corpse after dropping down a few ledges.
Previous: Leyndell, Royal Capital
Next: Miquella's Haligtree
Recommended Levels: 100+
Bosses: Dragonlord Placidusax , Godskin Duo , Maliketh, the Black Blade
Beside the Great Bridge [ Map Link ]
Crumbling Beast Grave Depths [ Map Link ]
Crumbling Beast Grave [ Map Link ]
Dragon Temple [ Map Link ]
Dragon Temple Altar [ Map Link ]
Dragon Temple Lift [ Map Link ]
Dragon Temple Rooftop [ Map Link ]
Dragon Temple Transept [ Map Link ]
Dragonlord Placidusax [ Map Link ]
Maliketh, the Black Blade [ Map Link ]
Tempest-Facing Balcony [ Map Link ]
Iron Fist Alexander (final part of his questline)
Dragonlord Placidusax
Maliketh, the Black Blade
Boltdrake Talisman +2
Dragoncrest Shield Talisman +2
Lightningproof Dried Liver
Rejuvenating Boluses
Ancient Dragon Prayerbook
Golden Lightning Fortification
Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Somber Smithing Stone (9)
Somber Smithing Stone (8)
Somber Smithing Stone (7)
Great Grave Glovewort x2
Banished Knight Set Banished Knight Helm Banished Knight Armor (Altered) Banished Knight Gauntlets Banished Knight Greaves
Banished Knight Helm
Banished Knight Armor (Altered)
Banished Knight Gauntlets
Banished Knight Greaves
Beast Champion Set (Recusant Bernahl) Beast Champion Helm Beast Champion Armor (Altered) Beast Champion Gauntlets Beast Champion Greaves
Beast Champion Armor (Altered)
Beast Champion Gauntlets
Beast Champion Greaves
Blasphemous Claw (Recusant Bernahl)
Devourer's Scepter (Recusant Bernahl)
Drake Knight Set Drake Knight Helm Drake Knight Armor Drake Knight Gauntlets Drake Knight Greaves
Drake Knight Gauntlets
Drake Knight Greaves
Malformed Dragon Set (Draconic Tree Sentinel) Malformed Dragon Helm Malformed Dragon Armor Malformed Dragon Gauntlets Malformed Dragon Greaves
Malformed Dragon Helm
Malformed Dragon Armor
Malformed Dragon Gauntlets
Malformed Dragon Greaves
Remembrance of the Black Blade (Maliketh, the Black Blade)
Remembrance of the Dragonlord (Dragonlord Placidusax)
Ancient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook (4)
Ash of War: Black Flame Tornado
Azula Beastman Ashes
Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (3)
Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (4)
Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (4)
Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (5)
Draconic Tree Sentinel
Lesser Crucible Knight
Once you commit to "the cardinal sin" by talking to Melina from the Site of Grace found at the Forge of the Giants , your character falls asleep during a cinematic and then wakes up in Crumbling Farum Azula . Alternatively, if you've interacted with the Three Fingers , Melina does not help you get there. Instead, while resting at the Forge of the Giants Site of Grace, select the 'Listen to the sound of the flames' option and a different cutscene will play, but take to you to the same spot in Crumbling Farum Azula.
Crumbling Farum Azula is mazelike, consisting of multiple branching paths, each with different loot. Following the introductory cutscene, the player will wake up at the south bridge of  Crumbling Farum Azula. The path to follow is linear for now. At the end of the bridge, you'll find a Smithing Stone (8) . Continue down the ruins to your right and pick up the Golden Rune (9) on the way. Keep following the path and you'll get to a platform overlooking several Azula Beastmen . Engage them one at a time from stealth, or lure them with ranged attacks to avoid being overwhelmed by their high-damage attacks. Defeat the Azula Beastmen in this area to pick up three Old Fangs from the corpse here. Head inside the building, where you'll find more Azula Beastmen and a Lightningproof Dried Liver . Before continuing, enter the first doorway to the left and activate the Crumbling Beast Grave Site of Grace, which then enables quick-travel to the rest of the map.
Head back through the hallway and you'll emerge back outside. You will encounter the first Farum Azula Dragon at the large curved bridge right in front of you. The dragon takes some time to land and perform its first attack, leaving enough time to run past it and collect the Smithing Stone (6) , Smithing Stone (8) , and Dragonwound Grease if you'd rather not fight it. Defeating the dragon awards an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone , and Spirit Ashes are available for this fight. Head up through the archways to your left at the end of the bridge, making sure to pick up the Smithing Stone (8) , then continue forward to reach the Crumbling Beast Grave Depths Site of Grace.
In the room ahead are two Azula Beastmen and a Smithing Stone (7) . Head through the northwestern hallway, and you'll find a three-way split. To the left is a dead-end and straight ahead is a large hall. The right path takes you to an upper ledge that has two Azula Beastmen on the way, but eventually circles back to the hall ahead. Laying on the stairs right ahead of you is a corpse with fourteen Lightning Greatbolts . Continue straight and out the doorway you see ahead of you to get to an outdoor balcony with a Golden Rune (12) on a corpse dangling off of the left side.
Backtrack to the room that had two Beastmen right after the site of grace, and go onto the balcony of this room. On the right side of the balcony, you can hop onto the roof and enter back into the building on a higher level. On the left side of the room are three Gravel Stones on an altar. You can find a Smithing Stone (6) on a corpse in the middle of the room, and in the far end you'll find a Great Grave Glovewort on an altar guarded by an Azula Beastman Mage flanked by two melee Beastmen. Head back into the hall and down the main stairs, where you'll find more Azula Beastmen and the Ancient Dragon Prayerbook . Immediately out the door to the northeast is the Temple-Facing Balcony Site of Grace and the Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (4) .
Before continuing forward, head back into the building and out the southwestern door. To the right of the stairs going down is a corpse hidden by pots holding a Hero's Rune (2) . Hop onto the elevator by the base of the stairs and you'll be taken down to lower exterior levels of Crumbling Farum Azula. Immediately down the slope a Lesser Wormface will ambush you from the left. You can lure it out or avoid the ambush entirely by dropping from the ledge above behind it. then continue down the left-most path going upwards when the path splits. Here you'll find a corpse with four Fulgurbloom guarded by another Lesser Wormface .
Continue forward and you'll emerge at a lake with three Lesser Wormface . Take care as one of them is much larger and more dangerous than the others. Ranged combat is viable from the stair-like cliffs as the enemy will easily get stuck on trees and will have a more difficult time spitting blight upwards. If you head down the slope to the east of the lake, you'll find five Gravel Stones on a corpse hidden in a corner of the outside of the ruins here. Back at the lake, you'll find the Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (3) in the gazebo at the far end of the lake. The Lesser Wormface here are distracted and you can easily sneak past them while grabbing the Smithing Stone (8) and Rejuvenating Boluses from the corpses beside them.
Head back up the slope you came from at the side of the mountain, and you'll find a ladder at the side of the arch ruins guarded by another Lesser Wormface . Head up the ladder to find a Lesser Wormface keeping watch over a corpse with a Smithing Stone (8) . Head back down the ladder and turn left, going through the arches. On your way back up, you'll find several more Lesser Wormface and a Somber Smithing Stone (9) . Continue from here to circle back to the lift from the balcony.
Facing the lift now, look to the left and a side path leading to a large circular platform with an item is visible. Jump from rock to rock avoiding the sloped rock on the right to get to the larger platform, but be aware that a Farum Azula Dragon will engage you after a brief delay. The corpse on the far edge holds a Smithing Stone (8) , which can be grabbed quickly before the dragon attacks. Defeating the dragon only awards runes, so you may choose to fight it here or attempt to disengage. Follow the same path back, again avoiding the sloped rock that is now on the left, then take the lift back up and return to the Tempest-Facing Balcony Site of Grace through the doorway to the northeast.
From the Site of Grace, you will be able to see a Farum Azula Dragon in the far distance. Though you may not be able to reach it at this time, it will breathe fire towards you while you jump to the platform under it. However, if you've advanced Iron Fist Alexander 's questline to its final step, he will be standing on the building instead of the Dragon.
Head down the floating rocks and ruins west, where you'll get to a makeshift bridge occupied by Skeletons . The skeletons here in Crumbling Farum Azula look to have similar features and wield the same weapons as Azula Beastmen but have the same respawn mechanic as regular in-game skeletons. At the top of this first large chunk of ruin, you'll find a Golden Rune (9) on a corpse behind one of the pillars. Continue jumping across the floating ruins north, being sure to pick up the Somber Smithing Stone (7) and fourteen Golden Arrows , and jump into the hole in the corner of the next large chunk of ruin, right beside where you land.
Down the hole, to the southwest is a corpse with a Golden Rune (10) . Head forwards to the northeast and before going through the first doorway to your left, go through the second one for an item protected by a Skeleton . At the end of the hallway through the first doorway, you'll emerge out onto a balcony. Turn left and you'll see you can jump up some ruins, but beware as the broken banister can trip you as you try to jump. Scale the ruins up, and then head up the ladder you find at the end. On the altar up ahead is another Great Grave Glovewort . Three skeletal beastmen spawn after you pick it up. When you're done dealing with them, head out of the room and look down to your left to find a safe path back down to the large chunk of ruin with the hole you went down earlier. Following the path, pick up three Gravel Stones and a Somber Smithing Stone (9) on the way, and you'll eventually find the Dragon Temple Site of Grace.
From this Site of Grace, turn around back towards the ruins you came from and look down. There are floating stair ruins that you can jump down. At the base of these stairs, turn back around again and jump down to the lowest platform here. On the left is a corpse with a Rune Arc on it. If you head into the building and turn right at the corner, you'll find the Azula Beastman Ashes right ahead on an altar, guarded by several Banished Knight s. Look to the right of the altar with the ashes and pass through the doorway to find a corpse with a Somber Smithing Stone (9) . Head back into the building and jump off onto the lower ruin to the east. Here, you'll find the Dragon Temple Transept Site of Grace. Don't head into the room to your left yet - that's a boss fight we'll come back to. After you're done with all that, teleport back to the Dragon Temple Site of Grace.
This next area is the Dragon Temple. After heading into the building, turn left and head to the edge of the ruin to find a Golden Rune (11) . Head back the other way to find a Smithing Stone (6) . Continue down the stairs and further into the temple. When you get to the hallway, turn right, and before going down the stairs, head left to another hallway. Following this path takes you outside, where you'll find a Stonesword Key by the edge of a cliff. Head up the stairs here, being careful of the enemy right by the doorway, and head into the temple ruin to find two Dragonwound Grease at the far end. From the ledge this corpse is on, you can safely jump down to the stone steps. Head to the top to find a Golden Rune (12) , then head back down to enter the main hall of the temple.
The main hall is an arena to fight the Godskin Duo and you must defeat them to be able to advance in Crumbling Farum Azula. If you had taken the stairs down in the first hallway earlier, you would've also ended up in this room. Being one of many duo bosses, this boss can be difficult to track and defeat solo. Make sure to use the pillars of the arena to your advantage and try to focus fire on one of them. As of Patch 1.03, Bernahl can be summoned to aid you, making this fight less frustrating. His summon sign can be found in front of either of the boss room entrances.
After defeating them, you will be rewarded with 170,000 Runes , the Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (4) , and the Ash of War: Black Flame Tornado . Interact with the Dragon Temple Altar Site of Site of Grace that spawns after their defeat and now we can move forward.
Head out the northeastern door and jump down to the lower platform. Take the way to the left, heading down the stairs westward, and you'll find a Golden Rune (11) guarded by a Rotten Stray . To your left are some ruined windows. Before jumping through them, you should defeat the enemies if you have a ranged build as they can swarm and overwhelm you easily. On the corpse here are five Old Fangs , and if you check behind the ruin walls, you'll also find a Hero's Runes (5) .
Continue heading north through the ruins and at the very end, ignore the doorway to your right for now and emerge back outside, noting a staircase to your right. Head forward to find a Smithing Stone (7) behind a fallen pillar, then turn left and follow the outer wall of the ruin to find five Lightning Grease , but beware of the beastman waiting in ambush behind the wall. Backtrack back to the staircase and head up them. There's a few Azula Beastman , up here, and if you head straight ahead, you'll find a Somber Smithing Stone (9) and an imp statue. You can use a Stonesword Key to gain access to an elevator that takes you to the Dragon Temple Lift Site of Grace. The area up here is quite large and completely optional, but you'll find some interesting loot.
At the top of the lift, turn left to get to a courtyard full of Skeletons. In the middle of the courtyard is a fountain with a Lord's Rune in it. Head down the stairs going east by the side of the cliff on the left side of the courtyard. The corpse at the base of the tree here has two Nascent Butterflies . Continue forward, hopping up rocks positioned like stairs, and you'll get to another Skeleton-infested area. Be careful while moving/fighting near the nearby tree as the skeletons hanging off of it will drop down and attack you. If you've got ranged abilities, you can target and hit them while they are still hanging from the tree. Pick up the Smithing Stone [7] from the corpse hanging off the ledge to the north and a Golden Rune [12] under the tree.
Move forwards towards the south, and head up the stairs to the elevated platform. On the east side of the platform is a corpse by the edge of the cliff that has a Smithing Stone (8) . Head westward next to find a Rune Arc and a Golden Seed close to each other. Continue southwest, down the slope, and you'll find a Teardrop Scarab that drops the Golden Lightning Fortification Incantation . On the same cliff, you'll find a sleeping Farum Azula Dragon , which you can sneak towards to grab a Smithing Stone (8) . If awaken, the dragon will breath fire and flies off. It is, however, possible to kill this dragon (12682 HP) to get about 21600 runes and 3 Gravel Stones after resetting the area by visiting a grace site.
Backtrack back up the slope towards where you found the Golden Seed & Rune Arc and at the top, turn hard left. There is a series of collapsed archways and crumbled tower pieces stretching to the west to traverse. Platform over the tower pieces and you'll reach a large open area. If you've reached the end of his questline this is where you face Iron Fist Alexander in his final duel. Defeating Alexander here gets you Shard of Alexander and Alexander's Innards . Otherwise, this is where you can kill the fire-breathing Farum Azula Dragon from earlier.
Continue ascending the floating rubble, and pick up the Ancient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook (4) inside an enclosed area at the end. Two large undead beastmen are hiding here - one in the shadows around the outside of the tower, and one in pieces on the ground behind a block of rubble. They will attack you when you pick up the cookbook, so it is better to take out the one behind the tower first, then goad the second one into attacking before defeating it in single combat.
Once you've got the cookbook, look north of the collapsed building it was in for another platform you can jump down to, containing a corpse with a Somber Smithing Stone (8) . From there, you can drop down to another floating platform just below it for a Smithing Stone (8) . From there, fast travel back to the Dragon Temple Lift Site of Grace and head down the elevator. Turn right towards the east, walk through the archway, then turn right again towards the south. You will be able to see a column that is floating diagonally, close enough for you to jump on and climb up. Up here, you'll find an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone guarded by a Farum Azula Beastman and Rotten Stray . From here, there's a way back to the Godskin Duo boss arena if you look down towards the northeast and jump down to the floating platform below you. There's nothing of value on the way, however, so simply backtrack down the stairs and we'll go back to the doorway we ignored earlier.
At the bottom of the stairs, turn left to enter back into the ruins and left again to go through the doorway. Continue forward, jumping down the ruins here, where you'll be able to pick up the Dragoncrest Shield Talisman +2 hidden behind and a Golden Rune (12) . Keep following the path and you'll get to an open area where you will meet a Crucible Knight , like the one you can find in Limgrave .
After you've defeated it, the Crucible Knight won't respawn. Your next course of action is to head southeast. There are two choices to take - you can simply jump over the banister of the balcony overlooking the Dragon Temple Rooftop Site of Grace ahead, or you can jump to the floating rock on the right, which requires a very tight jump, where you'll be rewarded with a Smithing Stone (8) . If you can't take on the Crucible Knight in a straight fight, you can make the save jump straight to the Site of Grace and then pick it off from afar.
Once you go down, you will encounter a seemingly harmless Eagle laying on the floor near an open elevator shaft. Beware, however, of another eagle waiting to ambush you inside the round tower at your left. The corpse here has a Smithing Stone (6) on it.
(Optional side path to Drake Knight Set ): Go down the ladder to the south and immediately turn left to find a floating platform behind the corner, hop on it and then jump down to a circular lift area. Run around it to the other end to find Drake Knight Set in a chest. Then take the elevator up to encounter an Azula Beastman across the small bridge. Loot the Lightning Greatbolt here and safely drop back down to grace.
After going back to the ladder where you encountered two eagles, looking to the south, you'll see a hostile pale Dragon casting red lightning bolts all over the rooftops. Keep in mind that before hitting the ground, bright red flames mark the areas the lightning is about to strike. By staying away from these flames, you can avoid being hit by these attacks.
Descend by using the ladder in front of you, or by jumping down from the roof on your right, and keep moving ahead in direction of the Dragon . On the way, you'll come across another couple of large Eagles . Using long-range attacks, like magic or archery, is a good strategy here, as there seem to be certain spots where the lightning won't land. As you approach the Dragon , you'll notice it is in quite low health. You can defeat the Dragon the normal way or cause it to flee by landing a few good hits or by backtracking a short distance. In its place eight Fulgurblooms and a Golden Rune (12) at his position, and the gazebo behind it holds a Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone .
(Optional side path to Boltdrake Talisman +2 & Dragon Towershield ): Left of the gazebo, in the eastward direction, if you look down, you'll see platforms down below. Keep dropping down and then drop down to another platform by the right side, next to the building. Drop below, left again to find a doorway. Enter it and to your left, you'll fight through a Banished Knight. Continue to find an Eagle and a ladder. Be careful as you ascend the ladder as there is another knight with a spear patrolling above and another soldier with two swords standing on the left. The Dragon Towershield can be found in the chest directly left from the ladder. Right across the ladder, there is an elevator. Take it up to find a path going west which takes you into the building right below the birds that you fought earlier on your way to the Dragon. Enter this set of ruins and you should encounter a Crucible Knight fighting Beastmen . If you are quick enough, you can run past them and take the ladder up at the end, otherwise, you can choose to defeat the Crucible Knight. After ascending the ladder, to your right, you can finally pick up Boltdrake Talisman +2 from the corpse. Drop down to find yourself back at the area with Eagles where the Dragon was using his lightning and make your way back to the Dragon's location where this side path started.
Next, head southwest and fight through a total of five Beastmen. Cross north to the other side by using the fallen structure as a bridge (mind the Beastman with thrown axes on the other side), and focus on the next building to your right. You can see a Beastman that's standing over a corpse with the Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing [5] . Take care when you approach, as on your right there is a Beastman with a greataxe and on the left is a Beastman that can cast lightning. Take out the Beastman you can see from range, step in and lure out the greataxe Beastman, but bear in mind that the caster Beastman can call down lightning from behind the walls.
Once you've dealt with or escaped from the foes, move forward through the stairs located to the right of the chapel's altar. The path will take you to an elevator, after which, you'll reach the Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace. Moving further up the stairs you will then reach the Great Bridge . You'll be situated now at the middle of the bridge, and facing the choice to either go right (South) or left (North). The Bossfight takes place at the coliseum-like structure located upwards, so if you want to enter the last stage of your journey at Crumbling Farum Azula you can head this way. Please note that there is also another optional boss fight ( Dragonlord Placidusax ) that can be accessed by going back down the elevator from Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace. If you'd like to fight the boss now, click here . However, this section of the guide will first cover what lies at your left, that is, heading north.
This route takes you directly to the Dragon Temple , and the path is as straightforward as it gets. After descending through a set of stairs and heading through the door you'll reach a terrace. You'll find the ladder to move forward located on your right. But first turn left, as you'll find a corpse holding a Somber Smithing Stone [8] . There are numerous Beastman corpses here, but a few are merely resting. They will not attack you unless damaged first. If you still wish to kill them, use lock-on to identify the living from the dead. Once that's taken care of, you may resume the previous route and head south for the ladder you encountered when arriving at this terrace.
Now, the next area after going down the ladder is a bridge leading you to one of the towers. Inside, you will find a coffer guarded by three Beastmen, but upon reaching the tower you are invaded by Recusant Bernahl , previously known as Knight Bernahl. You don't want to take them all at once, so your best bet is to defeat the invader first.
Recusant Bernahl wields a Devourer's Scepter Warhammer and his fight style consists mostly of melee attacks. However, the skill on his weapon, Devourer of Worlds , allows him to charge it with magic and strike it against the ground to steal your HPs. Once defeated, Recusant Bernahl drops the entire Beast Champion Set as well as the Devourer's Scepter Warhammer and x1 Blasphemous Claw .
Once the area is cleared, you may loot the coffer inside the rounded tower. This chest contains the Old Lord's Talisman , which extends the duration of effects caused by sorceries and incantations. Now that this area has been exhausted, return to the Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace to refill your health and flasks, and go back onto the Great Bridge and head for the boss fight.
Before you take on the boss of this area, there is a Draconic Tree Sentinel that will intercept you when attempting to reach the gates. Be aware of his devastating downward Mace attack, and try to avoid it by sticking close on his left side. Upon losing 50% of his life bar, he enters phase 2 and calls down powerful red lightning to course through his Mace. His attacks become more violent and gain the ability to summon a small controlled storm around him, similar to the dragon you came across earlier. It is recommended once he starts sparkling to fall back until the lightning has cleared away.
Fighting this Sentinel is duly compensated as it rewards you with the Malformed Dragon Set . Head up towards the fog door, grabbing the Somber Smithing Stone (7) on the way.
NOTE: Upon defeating the following boss, much of Leyndell, Royal Capital will become unavailable, as will many of the weapons, items, spells, and armor located there. Plan to collect any items you want from Leyndell before completing the fight, in particular the legendary armament the Bolt of Gransax .
Once you've reached the coliseum-shaped structure, you'll begin fighting Beast Clergyman . His attacks mainly consist of close-range swipes and various rock throws. Since his quicker and more deadly attacks are done in melee range, magic and ranged users will have an easier time dealing with him as they can fight back while keeping their distance. Melee users should look for opportunities where the Beast Clergyman is vulnerable before committing to any attacks. One such attack that is safer to punish is one of the rock throws where he plunges his knife into the ground. You can find more details and strategies on his boss page.
After taking the Beast Clergyman's HP to about half, it will reveal itself to be Maliketh, The Black Blade . Maliketh has a different skill set than the Beast Clergyman but has the same 'quick and hard to punish' characteristic. If you've finished Bernahl's questline and have defeated Recusant Bernahl, be sure to make use of the Blasphemous Claw that he drops. You can use the item to counter Maliketh's attacks that make his weapon briefly glow yellow. You can find more details and strategies on his boss page and the Blasphemous Claw page.
After you have defeated Maliketh, you will be teleported to the Leyndell, Capital of Ash Site of Grace. After activating that grace you can teleport back to Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace and return to the boss fight arena to touch Maliketh, the Black Blade Site of Grace if you wish to do so. However, the main point of focus here is to go to the optional boss fight.
To find Dragonlord Placidusax , head back down the lift from the Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace. Leave the temple down the curbed stairwell and through the shallow water room with red lightning enemies.  When you exit the building, head straight ahead towards the cliff's edge and slightly to the left. If you look down, you'll find some floating platforms you can jump down to. Follow the path down to get to a large empty chunk of ruin. Find the arch on the ground without bones, and you'll get prompted to lie down. When you do so, a cutscene will play and you'll get teleported to the boss arena. Dragonlord Placidusax is not a very nimble boss, but many of his attacks have large areas of effect that can be difficult to dodge out of if you've animation locked yourself. At about 50% health, it gains access to a divebomb-like attack. It's relatively easy to track, but do be careful of its large hitbox.
Upon defeat, this boss drops 280,000 Runes and the Remembrance of the Dragonlord . Interact with the Dragonlord Placidusax Site of Grace that spawns here, and you're done with the area.
If you have Miquella's Needle and have come into contact with the Three Fingers, you can use the Needle while in the arena to cure yourself of the Fingers' influence. You do not need to defeat Placidusax; you just need to be in its arena to do this.
Interact with Melina at the Forge of the Giants Site of Grace to teleport to Crumbling Farum Azula. If you've interacted with the Three Fingers , you have to select the 'Listen to the sound of the flames' option at the Site of Grace instead to teleport here. Cross the bridge, and at the end, you'll find a Smithing Stone (8) . Turn right and follow the path down. When you get inside the building, head into the first doorway to your left to interact with the Crumbling Beast Grave Site of Grace.
At the end of the hallway, you'll be back outside and will see a makeshift bridge in front of you. When you get to about halfway through, a Farum Azula Dragon swoops down to try to attack you. It takes a while for it to attack you, however, and you can easily run past it to get to the Crumbling Beast Grave Depths Site of Grace on the other side. On your way here, you can pick up a Smithing Stone (6) and Smithing Stone (8) .
In the next room, you'll find a Smithing Stone (7) on one of the altars. Head through the northwestern hallway, ignoring the left and right splits, and go straight ahead to reach a large hall. Turn right and head down the main stairway to find the Ancient Dragon Prayerbook on the floor. Immediately out the door to the northeast is the Temple-Facing Balcony Site of Grace and the Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (4) . If you want some extra loot, including the Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (3) , two Smithing Stone (8) , and a Somber Smithing Stone (9) , head back into the building and out the southwestern door. You'll find a lift taking you down to an area infested with Lesser Wormface . The path here circles 'round back to the lift, so there are no worries about getting lost just yet. Once you're done, head back to the Temple-Facing Balcony Site of Grace.
Head down the floating rocks and ruins west, where you'll get to a large floating ruin chunk occupied by skeletal Azula Beastmen . Grab the Somber Smithing Stone (7) here, then jump down north to the next large ruin chunk. Jump down into the hole in the corner of this chunk (should be to your right when you land on it) and go through the first doorway to your left. Follow the path, head up the ladder when you get to it, then you'll find a Great Grave Glovewort on the altar ahead. Head out of the room and look down to your left to find a safe path back down to the large chunk of ruin with the hole you went down earlier. Continue north, picking up a Somber Smithing Stone (9) on the way, and you'll eventually find the Dragon Temple Site of Grace.
From this Site of Grace, if you turn back around from where you came from, you'll see a set of stairs you can jump down to. At the base of these stairs, turn around again and head into the building to grab the Azula Beastman Ashes . Turn left from this altar and jump down the ledge to activate the Dragon Temple Transept Site of Grace. When that's done, teleport back to the Dragon Temple Site of Grace.
Head through the temple's doorway, then turn right. You'll find a Smithing Stone (6) at the end. Turn left and head down the stairs, then take a right again when you get to the hallway. Before going down the steps, turn left into another hallway to find a Stonesword Key . Backtrack back to the stairs and head down to get to the main hall, or go to the Dragon Temple Transept Grace and ascend the stairs to the same hall. Regardless of your entry route, you'll fight the Godskin Duo in this large room, and upon their defeat will receive the Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (4) and the Ash of War: Black Flame Tornado . The Dragon Temple Altar Site of Grace spawns here too.
The way forward is out the northeastern door. Jump down to the lower platform in front of you, then head left down the stairs. When you emerge back outside, head through the ruined windows to your left. Jump down the ruins to the north and take note of the doorway on your right at the end of the hallway. Back outside, check behind the pillar in front of you for a Smithing Stone (7) then head up the stairs to your right.
At the top of the stairs, turn left and you'll find a column that is floating diagonally, close enough for you to jump on and climb up. Up here, you'll find an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone guarded by a Rotten Stray . Back track back to the top of the stairs and head west, where there will be a Somber Smithing Stone (9) and imp statue in the area. The imp statue here locks off a large, but completely optional area. If you unlock it, you can take the lift behind it to the Dragon Temple Lift Site of Grace. Explore the area and you'll be able to find valuable loot such as a Rune Arc , Golden Seed , the Golden Lightning Fortification incantation, Ancient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook (4) , and various Smithing Stones.
When you're done with that area, head back down the stairs and back to the doorway, you took a note of earlier. Continue forward, jumping down the ruins here, where you'll be able to pick up the Dragoncrest Shield Talisman +2 hidden within the ruins. Keep following the path and you'll get to an open area where you will meet a Crucible Knight . Once you defeat it, it will not respawn again.
You'll want to head southwest next. There are two viable ways to get to the Site of Grace you see ahead. One is by simply jumping over the banister of the balcony, and the other is by doing a tricky jump onto the floating ruins where you'll find an item. Once you've interacted with the Dragon Temple Rooftop Site of Grace, jump down the roofs and you'll find a Smithing Stone (6) . Go down the ladder in front of you and if you look to the left, you'll find a floating platform behind the corner that you can jump to. Follow the path here to get the Drake Knight Set and you'll be able to circle back to the Dragon Temple Rooftop Site of Grace.
Head back down the ladder and head south towards the Farum Azula Dragon . You'll find a Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone in the gazebo behind it. To the left of the gazebo, you'll see platforms down and to the east. If you follow this path, you'll be able to find the Boltdrake Talisman +2 & Dragon Towershield and from here, you will eventually circle back to the rooftops. Head back to where the dragon was sitting and head southwest.
Go up the slope then turn right, crossing the ruins here going north. You'll find a temple to your right with the Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (5) . Be careful in this temple as you will get ambushed by two strong Azula Beastmen. On the south side of the temple, you'll find a path and an elevator taking you to the Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace.
From here there are multiple options to take. To go and fight Dragonlord Placidusax , head back down the elevator and exit the temple. Head straight ahead towards the edge of the cliff, and if you look down, you'll find some floating platforms you can jump down to. Follow the path down and in the arch on the ground without bones, you'll get prompted to lie down. A cutscene will play, after which you'll find yourself in the boss' arena. Defeat it for the Remembrance of the Dragonlord and interact with the Site of Grace hereafter it spawns.
Crumbling Farum Azula is a region and legacy dungeon in ELDEN RING (2022) accessed from the Mountaintops of the Giants after burning the Erdtree.
A giant ruined temple city in the sky, located above the sea to the east of the Lands Between . Once a royal city and the seat of the Dragonlord Placidusax , Farum Azula has been crumbling since time immemorial. [ 1 ] Now, it is a mausoleum, guarded by chosen Beastmen who wield weapons clad in lightning. [ 2 ] The storm beyond time rages in the center of the crumbling city, and at its heart is the Dragonlord's seat, where he awaits the return of his god. [ 3 ]
As well as Beastmen, Farum Azula is home to a number of Ancient Dragons who roost on the floating fragments of the city. There is a small population of Wormfaces dwelling in one of the lower levels of the city. It appears that Deathroot has spread throughout parts of the city as well. The great rotundum at the center of Farum Azula is the dwelling place of Maliketh, the Black Blade , the protector of the Rune of Death . [ 4 ]
It is here that the Tarnished finds themselves after they set the Erdtree aflame, and where they finally unbind the Rune of Death, releasing it upon the Lands Between.
Farum Azula can only be accessed in full after setting the Erdtree aflame at the Forge of the Giants . After doing so, the Tarnished will wake up on a bridge leading to the city. The area can also be previewed by taking one of the Sending Gates (labeled "Crumbling Lands" ) at the Four Belfries in Liurnia . This Sending Gate leads to an isolated floating fragment of stone from which the rest of Farum Azula can be seen but not accessed.
The only area in the Lands Between from which Farum Azula is visible is the Isolated Divine Tower .
Beastman of Farum Azula
Crumbling Farum Azula as seen from the Isolated Divine Tower
This location was referred to as "Doomed Farum Azula" in Game Version 1.00 .

---

area: Consecrated Snowfield
chapter: 25
name: Consecrated Snowfield
Consecrated Snowfield is a Location in Elden Ring . The Consecrated Snowfield region is a secret area on the lower plains of the Mountaintops of the Giants , that can only be accessed by those that collect both parts of the Haligtree Secret Medallion. Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right) is found in Liurnia of the Lakes. Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) is found in Mountaintops of the Giants. Once you have both pieces of the medallion, go to the Grand Lift of Rold and select "Hoist secret medallion" (make sure your action is "Hoist secret medallion" and not "Hoist medallion") to brandish your secret one.
If you have already unlocked the Hidden Path to the Haligtree site of grace (located in Forbidden lands sites of grace menu tab). fast travel to it then go up the stairs to the outside.
The route through this land, crossed east to west by a frozen river, leads to Miquella's Haligtree. This is the path taken by those unchosen, though it is a trial all the same.
Map (Consecrated Snowfield) : Found soon after exiting the Hidden Path to the Haligtree and into Consecrated Snowfield proper. Head north, but be wary of sudden cliffs, then past the frozen ravine near the center and you will find the monolith shortly. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Apostate Derelict. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Cave of the Forlorn [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Consecrated Snowfield. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Hidden Path to the Haligtree. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Inner Consecrated Snowfield. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Ordina, Liturgical Town. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Yelough Anix Tunnel. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs
Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree
Hidden Path to the Haligtree
Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)
Miquella's Haligtree
Ordina, Liturgical Town
Walking Mausoleum (Consecrated Snowfield)
Sanguine Noble (NPC)
Explosive Stone Clump
Immunizing White Cured Meat
Rejuvenating Boluses
Tarnished Golden Sunflower
Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Great Grave Glovewort
Somber Smithing Stone (8)
Somber Smithing Stone (9)
Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Weapons Flowing Curved Sword Golden Order Greatsword Rotten Battle Hammer Rotten Greataxe St. Trina's Torch
Flowing Curved Sword
Golden Order Greatsword
Rotten Battle Hammer
Armor Black Knife Set Imp Head (Elder) Night's Cavalry Set Rotten Duelist Set Sanguine Noble Set
Shields Silver Mirrorshield
Talismans Graven-Mass Talisman Silver Scarab Spelldrake Talisman +2 Stalwart Horn Charm +1
Graven-Mass Talisman
Spelldrake Talisman +2
Stalwart Horn Charm +1
Incantations Unendurable Frenzy
Sorceries Meteorite of Astel
Multiplayer Items Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Spirit Ashes Black Flame Monk Amon Ashes
Black Flame Monk Amon Ashes
Crystal Tears Ruptured Crystal Tear Thorny Cracked Tear
Ruptured Crystal Tear
Key Items Deathroot Larval Tear Stonesword Key
Ashes of War Ash of War: White Shadow's Lure
Ash of War: White Shadow's Lure
Cookbooks Glintstone Craftsman's Cookbook (8) Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (23)
Glintstone Craftsman's Cookbook (8)
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (23)
Albinauric Wolfback Archer
Anastasia, Tarnished-Eater
Black Knife Assassin
Lesser Black Knife Assassin
Lesser Burial Watchdog
Lesser Red Wolf of Radagon
Mausoleum Foot Soldier
Putrid Grave Warden Duelist
School of Graven Mages
Astel, Stars of Darkness
Great Wyrm Theodorix
Misbegotten Crusader
2x Night's Cavalry - Found southwest of Inner Consecrated Snowfield Site of Grace, guarding the Carriage at night.
Players have considered this the second snow region in Elden Ring since it is a secret area on the lower plains of the Mountaintops of the Giants . As shown through the instructions above, you will need to take the Grand Lift of Rold to this location. However you will be required to have both parts of the Haligtree Secret Medallion. Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right) is found in Liurnia of the Lakes. Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) is found in Mountaintops of the Giants. Once you have both pieces of the medallion, go to the Grand Lift of Rold and select "Hoist secret medallion" (make sure your action is "Hoist secret medallion" and not "Hoist medallion") to brandish your secret one.
After you unlock the Secret Path to the Haligtree site of grace, which is located in the Forbidden Lands fast travel menu tab, you can fast travel to it then go up the stairs to exit to Consecrated Snowfield.
Consecrated Snowfield Notes and tips go here.
- Map Consecrated Snowfield — ELDEN RING (2022)
Consecrated Snowfield is a sub-region located in Mountaintops of the Giants .
A snow-swept, misty area to the west of the Mountaintops of the Giants . The Consecrated Snowfield is final trial for those who seek Miquella's Haligtree , and can only be accessed by uniting the two halves of the Haligtree Secret Medallion, found in the Village of the Albinaurics and Castle Sol , and bringing them to the Grand Lift of Rold .
Visibility is limited in many parts of the snowfield. Small, golden lights illuminate the path from the upper section to the broad, snowy plane below, through which a frozen river runs. In the south-west are the Yelough Anix Ruins , consumed by the Flame of Frenzy. Far to the north lies the Apostate Derelict , where the gentle yet towering sister of Latenna the Albinauric resides. South-east of there is Ordina, Liturgical Town , which hides the entrance to the Haligtree. There is also a waygate, tucked away on the western cliffs, which leads to Mohgwyn Palace .

---

area: Mohgwyn Palace
chapter: 23
name: Mohgwyn Palace
Mohgwyn Palace is a Location in Elden Ring . The Mohgwyn Palace region is found beneath Caelid , but is only accessible from a gateway teleporter in the frozen west of Consecrated Snowfield (northwest of the Yelough Anix Ruins and west of where the Sanguine Noble invades you) or by using the Pureblood Knight's Medal given by White Mask Varré at the end of his questline.
In the lightless depths lies the grave of an ancient civilization.
It is here Mohg, the Lord of Blood, is building his palace, to be the seat of his coming dynasty named Mohgwyn. And whatever nightmares that may bring.
Map Mohgwyn Palace : Found on a corpse on the stairway leading to the palace, past some Albinaurics that summon giant skeletons. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
The Waygate Teleporter to Mohgwyn Palace is found northwest of the Yelough Anix Ruins in the Consecrated Snowfield . The Waygate is inactive until after you kill the Sanguine Noble NPC, who invades nearby. [ Elden Ring Map Link ] Northwest of Yelough ruins is a circular formation visible on the map, which is a rocky trunk-like spire.  Directly west of that circular spire on the map is the teleporter, but you just drop down a couple ledges near some white logs that form a ramp.
[overall map goes here]
Palace Approach Ledge-Road. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Dynasty Mausoleum Entrance. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Dynasty Mausoleum Midpoint. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Cocoon of the Empyrean [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum
Imprisoned Merchant [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Needle Knight Leda (with SOTE DLC)
Blood-Tainted Excrement
Smithing Stone (7) x 2
Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Somber Smithing Stone (9)
Ash of War: Blood Tax
Haligdrake Talisman +2
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (24)
When entering from the waygate in Consecrated Snowfield , you get teleported to a set of caves southeast of Mohgwyn Palace. The caves here are linear, so simply follow the path out and down and you'll be able to grab a Golden Rune (11) and get to the Palace Approach Ledge-Road Site of Grace. Make your way northwest where the slope is littered with Albinaurics and collect a Golden Rune (11) , a Smithing Stone (6) , and five Bloodroses on the way down. At the bottom, you'll emerge into the main blood-filled lake of Mohgwyn Palace.
If you'd like to grab the map fragment for this area to make navigation easier, keep heading north-northwest until you get to a section with three hunting horn-wielding Albinaurics who can summon large spectral skeletons. Once you get past them, head west to find a ruin, and the single corpse sitting in the middle here has the Map (Mohgwyn Palace) . Head up the stairs to quickly grab the Dynasty Mausoleum Entrance Site of Grace.
With our newfound map, it's time to get looting. Back from the slope, you descended earlier from the Palace Approach Ledge-Road, head east to reach the southern section of the lake. On your way, you're likely going to get invaded by a Nameless White Mask . Three of these NPC invaders will attack you at different areas in the blood lake. They have quick attacks and have access to a strong bleed spell that you should try to avoid as best as you can. On the southwestern side of the lake, you'll be able to find the Haligdrake Talisman +2 and a Ghost Glovewort (9) among some graves by the cliff. In the southeast, on the other hand, you can find a Golden Seed and the Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (24) .
Head back to the northern part of the lake, where you'll find a Smithing Stone (7) , Smithing Stone (8) , and Golden Rune (12) on the western side. In the middle, in front of a large rock pillar is a Hero's Rune (4) . Along the eastern walls are small caves, each filled with loot. In the first cave (from the south) is a Somber Smithing Stone (9) and a Teardrop Scarab that drops the Ash of War: Blood Tax . The second cave is guarded by a few Albinaurics and has a Ghost Glovewort (8) and the Swarm of Flies incantation. The third cave, also guarded by some enemies, houses a Smithing Stone (6) and Golden Rune (13) . Hug the eastern wall north and you'll eventually find a Rune Arc .
Make your way back to the Dynasty Mausoleum Site of Grace and head up the stairs in the southwest. In this area, you'll be encountering a bunch of Putrid Corpses . Many of them are fairly docile, not minding even a shoulder bump, while some will run at you and attempt to explode in your face. Whether you decide to take them out or leave them alone, follow the linear path here, grabbing a Smithing Stone (7) , Numen's Rune , Stanching Boluses , and eight Bloodroses on your way.
You'll eventually get to a group of Putrid Corpses praising the sky in front of a dark doorway. This doorway leads into a very dark cave, so get your lantern or torch ready. At various points, while exploring the cave, you'll get ambushed by Sanguine Nobles . If you die by their hand, you can respawn at the Stake of Marika right outside the cave's doorway. At the first cave split that you encounter, a Sanguine Noble will appear. Head down the south split before heading north to find the Imprisoned Merchant .
When you head north, you'll immediately find a Lord's Rune in front of you. Continue northeast to get to a ledge overlooking a Great Ghost Glovewort . If you shine your torch down, you'll see a hoard of Putrid Corpses gathering around it. None of them, in particular, are the 'explode in your face' kind, so you can simply run past them to grab the glovewort. Next, head west, where you'll encounter another Sanguine Noble and a Smithing Stone (8) among some gravestones. Continue following the path, picking up the Ghost Glovewort (9) on the way, and you'll eventually emerge outside to the Dynasty Mausoleum Midpoint Site of Grace.
Right ahead are a group of Albinaurics and a Sanguine Noble facing up towards a large statue. You can take them out one by one since they don't seem to have situational awareness Attacking one Albirnauric triggers all of them to be hostile. Right in front of the statue is a Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone and if you take a peek on the lower ledge behind the statue, you'll find a Golden Rune (13) . From here, look down over the cliff to see a corpse holding a Golden Seed that you can jump to. Watch the pit between yourself and the rocky platform. From here, you can either go back the long way or fast travel. As of July 2022 the corpse described above is visible but does not hold any item. It is unknown if this true at all times, or if there is a trigger variable in the individual playthrough (total seeds already collected, etc.) If the corpse has no item feel free to forego the jump & skip to the paragraph below.
Turn around, facing northwest, and take the lift ahead up to a large, ruined temple. When you walk in a cutscene plays and the fight against Mohg, Lord of Blood commences. Defeat him and you'll be rewarded with the Remembrance of the Blood Lord and Mohg's Great Rune . The Cocoon of the Empyrean Site of Grace spawns here after his defeat as well.
The Temple of Blood is also known as the Dynasty Mausoleum in Elden Ring. This is where Mohg, Lord of Blood will be. In order to reach this location, ensure you made your way to the underground first and reach Mogwyn Palace which is accessed from a gateway teleporter [ Elden Ring Map Link ]  in the frozen west of Consecrated Snowfield (northwest of the Yelough Anix Ruins and west of where the Sanguine Noble invades you) or by using the Pureblood Knight's Medal given by White Mask Varré at the end of his questline. White Mask Varre will give you this item once you have completed the 3 invasions required for his questline to advance. He will give you the Medal after the reusable Bloody Finger , exhausting his dialogue is necessary. [ Elden Ring Map Here ]
Once you reach the underground, you will find yourself in a cave. Head out of the cave and this is Mohgwyn Palace. Make your way down and you will be heading directly west through the Bloody water until you see the arches that will signify that you have reached the Dynasty Mausoleum. To reach Mohg, Lord of Blood head up through the stairs until you reach the temple structure and head in. There will be a number of enemies along the way. Continue to head west and you will eventually find the doorway leading out. In this next area, there will be a lever where you can activate the lift to reach the Boss arena.
In the lightless depths lies the grave of an ancient civilization. It is here Mohg, the Lord of Blood, is building his palace, to be the seat of his coming dynasty named Mohgwyn. And whatever nightmares that may bring.
- Map Mohgwyn Palace
Mohgwyn Palace is a sub-region located in Siofra River in ELDEN RING (2022) .
7 Crafting Materials
An island in the underground Siofra River, far to the east of Nokron, Eternal City . The grave of an ancient dynasty civilization can be found here, and it is in these ruins that Mohg, Lord of Blood , has chosen to be the seat of his coming Mohgwyn Dynasty . [ 1 ]
A large part of the area is taken up by a blood-red lake, which is the habitat of many abominations. The Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum juts out of the west side of the island, housing the Lord of Blood and his vassals.
There are two possible entrances to this area. The conventional route is via a sending gate on the western edge of Consecrated Snowfield , which leads to a cliff on the southeastern side of the palace. Alternately, by becoming a Pureblood Knight of the Mohgwyn Dynasty, one can obtain a Pureblood Knight's Medal from White Mask Varré , which will teleport the player to the mausoleum entrance at will.
Palace Approach Ledge-Road
Dynasty Mausoleum Entrance
Dynasty Mausoleum Midpoint
Cocoon of the Empyrean
Second-Generation Albinauric
Nameless White Mask (invader)
White Mask Varré (adversary)
Miquella of the Haligtree †
Great Ghost Glovewort
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook 24
Mohg's Great Rune (dropped by Mohg, Lord of Blood)
Remembrance of the Blood Lord (dropped by Mohg, Lord of Blood)

---

area: Siofra River
chapter: 7
name: Siofra River
Siofra River is a Location in Elden Ring . This underground region can be reached by taking the lift at either the Siofra River Well in Limgrave or Deep Siofra Well in Caelid .
Two great rivers flow beneath the Lands Between, the Siofra and the Ainsel. This vast region is said to be the grave of civilizations that flourished before the Erdtree.
Fragment Siofra River : Map (Siofra River) is found next to the staircase leading up to Hallowhorn Grounds . Elden Ring Map Link .
Ancestral Woods. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Aqueduct-facing Cliffs. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Below the Well. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Great Waterfall Basin. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Mimic Tear. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Night's Sacred Ground. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Nokron, Eternal City. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Siofra River Bank. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Siofra River Well Depths. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Worshippers' Woods. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Night's Sacred Ground
Nokron, Eternal City
Siofra River East Waygate (gives access to north-western section of Siofra River). [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Siofra River South Waygate. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Blaidd - Standing by a ledge, near Hallowhorn Grounds (Siofra River). [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
D's Twin Brother - Found in Nokron, Eternal City , east of the Great Waterfall Basin site of grace. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Nomadic Merchant Siofra River - Found playing music by an unlit campfire in the ruins of Central Siofra River. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Somber Smithing Stone (2)
Somber Smithing Stone (5)
Clarifying Horn Charm
Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot
Great Oracular Bubble
Immunizing Cured Meat
Inverted Hawk Heater Shield
Silver-Pickled Fowl Foot
Multiplayer Items Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Key Items Map (Siofra River) Stonesword Key
Ashes of War Ash of War: Square Off
Ash of War: Square Off
Cookbooks Armorer's Cookbook [6]
Armorer's Cookbook [6]
The first time you enter Siofra River is likely by taking the lift down the Siofra River Well in Mistwood . This area is intended for higher levels (50 - 60), with upgrades of +8 and above.
Right at the bottom, you'll find the Siofra River Well Depths Site of Grace and the area here can be looted for two Ghost Glovewort (1) , a Smithing Stone (4) , and a Furlcalling Finger Remedy . The ruin ahead and the cavern areas here are infested with Claymen . They move slowly but be careful when dealing with them in large numbers as they can easily swarm you. In the building and waterfall area here, you can find a Smithing Stone (2) , two Smithing Stone (4) , and a Ghost Glovewort (1) . You can also scale the ruins to get to a Teardrop Scarab that drops Oracle Bubbles . Head into the intact building next to the waterfall area and you'll get taken up to the main section of Siofra River.
Walking forward, you'll eventually get to the Siofra River Bank Site of Grace. Directly east of this Site of Grace, you'll see a pillar with a brazier you can light up. This pillar is one of eight, and all of them are required to be lit to access the Ancestor Spirit boss fight. You can find the coordinates of all 8 pillars on our interactive map in the notes section below. Slightly south from this first pillar, you'll see a large temple ruin. That's the Hallowhorn Grounds and after you've lit all eight pillars, you can interact with the deer carcass inside to take you to the Ancestor Spirit. Make your way to the temple ruin to grab the Map (Siofra River) from the bottom of the staircase. You'll also find a Ghost Glovewort (2) here and the Horn Bow on the supporting structure underneath the Hallowhorn Grounds staircase.
With the map-making navigation easier, backtrack back to the Siofra River Bank Site of Grace and scale the cliff to the southwest to find the Inverted Hawk Heater Shield .  The Armorer's Cookbook (6) can be found on a corpse west of the Siofra River Bank Site of Grace. The waygate here in the south [ Elden Ring Map Link ] just makes traveling to the northeastern side of Siofra River quicker but doesn't take you to any place inaccessible by foot. In the water-filled area to the northeast of this Site of Grace, you can find many upgrade materials, including a Somber Smithing Stone (2) , Smithing Stone (2) , and Ghost Glovewort (2) . Besides these, you can also find a Furlcalling Finger Remedy within a group of Land Octopuses and a Smithing Stone (4) in a room occupied by a Giant Poison Flower . You'll find a Nomadic Merchant on the level above this room and can get to him by scaling the scaffolding just to the east.
Backtrack back to the cliffs east of the Hallowhorn Grounds and if you've started Blaidd or Ranni's quest, you'll be able to find and talk to Blaidd by the cliff's edge [ Elden Ring Map Link ]. East of him, you'll find a pillar of wind that Torrent can use to boost him up onto the ruins nearby. Parkour your way to the end and you'll find a Ghost Glovewort (3) and a Stonesword Key . In the distance, you may be able to see another unreachable ruin to the southeast. You can get there by taking one of the waygates at The Four Belfries . In that ruin, you'll be able to find a Ghost Glovewort (2) and Mottled Necklace .
Head back down from the ruin and continue scaling the cliff northeast. The ruins here will have a Smithing Stone (3) and a Somber Smithing Stone (2) . There's another waygate here, we'll call it the eastern waygate, that you should come back to later. Up ahead, within some ruins is the Worshipper's Woods Site of Grace. Continue scaling up the cliff to find a Smithing Stone (2) and a Teardrop Scarab that drops the Ash of War: Square Off .
From here, scaling the cliffs get scarier as Ancestral Followers with bows and arrows can and will snipe you. Always try to break line of sight of them whenever possible and use the terrain to your advantage to block incoming projectiles. While heading north, there will be a detour you can take to the west where you can find a Golden Seed and a wall ruin you can scale for a Stonesword Key . Follow along the cliff to the north, and you'll come to a small cave behind waterfall. Inside you'll find Rune Arc . Head back off of the detour and continue heading north, where you'll eventually get to the Below the Well Site of Grace. Slightly north will be a Ghost Glovewort (3) and to the east is a staircase with the Clarifying Horn Charm . The staircase leads you to a lift that takes you back up to the surface at Deep Siofra Well in Caelid .
Head back to that eastern waygate we took note of earlier [ Elden Ring Map Link ], and it'll teleport you to the northwestern section of the Siofra River, on a cliff above the waterfall here. Immediately to the north is the Dragonkin Soldier , who you can defeat for the Dragon Halberd , and next to him, under a waterfall is the Marika's Scarseal .
South of the Dragonkin Soldier, in a little ruin, is a bunch of Claymen , a Somber Smithing Stone (5) , and a Teardrop Scarab that drops the Great Oracular Bubble . Outside the ruin (southwest of the Dragonkin Soldier's original position), tucked in a little corner, you can find a Ghost Glovewort (5) . Head back to the spot you teleported to originally, and jump down the ledge here to get to the top of a waterfall. Here you'll find a Ghost Glovewort (4) and the path to get back down safely.
By exploring (and taking a peek at the interactive map using the coordinates below), you should have found all eight pillars that you needed to light up for a boss fight. Head back to the Hallowhorn Grounds and touch the now glowing deer carcass at the very end to get teleported to the Ancestor Spirit fog door. After defeating it, you'll be rewarded with the Ancestral Follower Ashes .
You may have seen buildings and ruins in the sky here and wondered if those areas can be explored. The answer to that is yes! Those buildings are part of Nokron, Eternal City but can only be reached after defeating Starscourge Radahn .
The Gaelic word "Síofra" is pronounced "SHEE-fra" (/ʃifɹə/ or /ʃifrə/), and means "elf", "sprite", or "spirit".
The Ancestor Spirit boss can only be fought if all pillars in the area are interacted with. They are:
By the Siofra River Bank site of grace. [ Map Link ]
In a corner to the west of the first pillar. [ Map Link ]
On a small island in the watery area with the wisps. [ Map Link ]
By a cliff in the eastern part of Siofra River. [ Map Link ]
Just south of the Worshipper's Woods Site of Grace. [ Map Link ]
West of the Worshipper's Woods Site of Grace. [ Map Link ]
On the east side of the path to the Below the Well Site of Grace. [ Map Link ]
On the west side on the path to the Below the Well Site of Grace. [ Map Link ]
After lighting all 8 pillars, you'll see a popup that says "Powers gathers somewhere in horned remains".
Siofra River is an underground region in ELDEN RING (2022) .
One of the two great rivers that flow beneath the Lands Between . Siofra is said to be the grave of civilisations that flourished before the Erdtree [ 1 ] , and evidence of this can be found in the many ancient structures that litter the vast, subterranean space. The towering remains of an ancient dynasty [ 2 ] are prominent throughout the area, inhabited by the Claymen who once served as the dynasty's priests. [ 3 ]
The lower portion of Siofra River can be accessed via the Siofra River Well in Limgrave 's Mistwood. This wooded area is home to spectral Ancestral Followers , who live alongside a diverse assortment of wildlife. The remains of a great, horned beast can be found in the Hallowhorn Grounds. Interacting with the remains after lightning the flames scattered throughout the area will facilitate an encounter with an Ancestor Spirit . This area also connects to Caelid via the Deep Siofra Well .
Towering over the woodland is Nokron, one of the Eternal Cities inhabited by the Nox . Nokron is initially inaccessible, however a route is opened when a star falls upon Limgrave, following the defeat of Starscourge Radahn . The Fingerslayer Blade , a treasure of Nokron said to be able to harm the Greater Will and its vassal Fingers [ 4 ] , is found within Night's Sacred Ground, beneath a chair-crypt that holds a vast corpse. This upper region also houses another Hallowhorn Grounds, from which the Regal Ancestor Spirit can be encountered. Nearby, the aqueduct hides a coffin which can be used to access Deeproot Depths , guarded by a pair of Valiant Gargoyles .
To the east, on a separate island within the vast cavern, are the ruins of an ancient palace. It is here that Mohg, Lord of Blood has established the seat of his coming Mohgwyn Dynasty, and all the nightmares it may bring. [ 5 ]
The name Síofra is pronounced "SHEE-fra". It is a girl's name in the Irish Gaelic language, meaning "sprite, fairy, elf, changeling". [ 6 ] The síobhraí were believed to be fairies that had been left in place of a human (typically a child) stolen by other fairies. The name Ainsel has similar origins. The word Síofra could also refer to "weakling" in some contexts. [ 6 ]
The word Síofra could also refer to "weakling" in some contexts. [ 6 ]

---

area: Shadow Keep
chapter: 35
name: Messmer the Impaler
Messmer the Impaler is a Demigod Boss in Shadow of the Erdtree . He is the leader of the crusade against the Hornsent people, killing their Divine Beasts and burning the Tower Settlement . He is revealed to be Queen Marika 's son, secreted away and abandoned in the Land of Shadow. In combat, he utilizes Fire-based Spells and a Greatspear . This is not an optional boss as players need to defeat him to advance in Shadow of the Erdtree .
See Messmer the Impaler Lore
Those stripped of the Grace of Gold shall all meet death. In the embrace of Messmer's flame.
This is not an optional boss
The second phase of this fight is called "Base Serpent Messmer"
Closest Site of Grace: Dark Chamber Entrance
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
NPC Summons: Hornsent and Swordhand of Night Jolan . Both summon signs are within the arena and do not affect Messmer's HP, but choosing one will prevent you from accessing the other one for the fight. Hornsent's sign is inside the arena to the right. It only appears if you've spoken to him to get him to advance into the Shadow Keep after Miquella's charm is broken. It disappears if you cooperate with Leda to kill him. Jolan's sign is inside to the left. It only appears after you've sounded one of the bells at the Finger Ruins to advance Ymir's questline, and it disappears after you've defeated Metyr, Mother of Fingers .
Hornsent's sign is inside the arena to the right. It only appears if you've spoken to him to get him to advance into the Shadow Keep after Miquella's charm is broken. It disappears if you cooperate with Leda to kill him.
Jolan's sign is inside to the left. It only appears after you've sounded one of the bells at the Finger Ruins to advance Ymir's questline, and it disappears after you've defeated Metyr, Mother of Fingers .
Messmer the Impaler can be found in the Shadow Keep Specimen Storehouse, near the Dark Chamber Entrance Site of Grace. [ Map Link ]
Parryable : Yes, but 3 parries are required per stance break
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken or parried
Damage: Standard , Slash , Strike , Pierce , Fire
Drops 400,000, Remembrance of the Impaler , Messmer's Kindling
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 435 / 533 / 823 / 1280
Scarlet Rot : 435 / 533 / 823 / 1280
Hemorrhage : 435 / 533 / 823 / 1280
Frostbite : 316 / 358 / 456 / 746 / 1203
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
The Best Tips for Messmer the Impaler:
Recommended summons: Mimic Tear
Recommended armaments: Staff of the Guilty , Bloodfiend's Arm , Great Stars , Reduvia , Rivers of Blood , Heater Shield , Fingerprint Stone Shield (Fire affinity)
Recommended ashes of war: Lion's Claw , Giant Hunt , Cragblade , Golden Vow Any skill, that lowers the player's position is good to both attack and avoid damage (Messmer mostly go for spear in forward, not down).
Any skill, that lowers the player's position is good to both attack and avoid damage (Messmer mostly go for spear in forward, not down).
Recommended spells: Flame Protect Me , Impenetrable Thorns , Golden Vow , Swarm of Flies , Borealis's Mist
Recommended talismans: Flamedrake Talisman +3 , Great-Jar's Arsenal , Lord of Blood's Exultation
Other items: Albinauric Set , Briar Set , Greenspill Crystal Tear , Stonebarb Cracked Tear
Messmer, the Impaler, looks down over you as a towering humanoid boss with long limbs and a massive spear, accompanied by a red snake coiled around his body. His attacks are imbued with fire damage, making him a formidable opponent who relies heavily on his spear's reach and agility. To proceed in this boss fight, readiness for his swift movements is important. As a melee character, your strategy should begin by evading the fireball he summons upon leaping into battle. Pay attention while he's in mid-air and watch out for the white smoke that will appear around him. As soon as you see the white smoke, get ready to dodge to avoid the impact of his landing. Sometimes, the area around him will explode as soon as he lands, so you need to do a second roll going forward, and then get a free hit while he's recovering.
For the most part, you will want to stay close to him because of the long reach of his spear and flame spells. When you're fighting Messmer at a close range, you will have more chance of retaliating and chipping away at his health while he recovers. Engaging Messmer patiently is the best strategy to effectively take him down. When he finishes a string of attacks, focus on breaking his poise by pulling off heavy attacks for a chance to deal significant damage.
Due to Messmer's speed, you need to approach him with the right mix of patience and aggressiveness. This boss can quickly transition between offense and defense by quickly disengaging with a leap after he finishes a move. Be aware that Messmer counters swiftly after sustaining damage, too. His speed and precision in combat are his biggest asset, requiring observation of his movements to avoid being overwhelmed.
One of the basic moves that Messmer makes is the Flaming Spear Lunge , this is when you see him leap into the air as he thrusts his weapon and then crash on the ground with his spear engulfed in flames. This movement is dodgeable and will take some time to get used to but you can do this by rolling forward as he thrusts his weapon, waiting for the delay as he prepares to crash, and then rolling forward again to stay close to him. This allows you to attack him while he's recovering.
Next up is Messmer's Flaming Assault , which is a 3-string attack where he combines this move with his flame spells. While the spear is engulfed in flames, he will cast spells with his flaming right hand and he will do the following attacks:
When he swings his right arm, he will use a fire spell that affects the immediate area in front of him
Quick Thrust with the spear, followed by a quick jump to reposition himself and another spear thrust
Flame Spell where he twists in place to swing his spear and creates a flame surrounding him
To dodge this move, you need to learn when he will do this by paying attention to his arm. If you see him cross it over and it's engulfed in flames, he will do this attack. To dodge, roll to the right if you're too close, otherwise, rolling backward is safe enough. You need to dodge as soon as he swings his arm engulfed in flames. For the second part, roll forward as soon as he thrusts with his spear, wait for the delay as he jumps to reposition himself, then dodge as soon as he lands on his new spot. Finally, for the last step, you can dodge this either going to the right, backward, or forward. It is recommended to roll forward so you can get close to him and get a free attack while he's recovering.
Messmer's powerful Grab attack will kill most players instantly. It is important to dodge this attack to avoid an instant death. When Messmer's hand begins glowing, that is the sign he is about to grab you. Once he begins to descend his arm to grab you, roll either to the sides or forward. This will leave an opening to hit him. If you can break his stance, remember to go in front of him and just lightly press R1 (once) to do a light attack. This will do a critical hit and can deal a lot more damage than any attacks.
The next basic attack combo is a 4-String attack where he throws out a flame spell in close range, followed by 2 quick thrust, and a dash flame 360. To dodge this move, you will roll backward to dodge the flame spell, then wait out a bit, and roll toward him for the quick thrust, wait for the delay here, and roll toward him again for the second quick thrust, and then, roll forward towards him for the 360. This is the recommended move so you can get some free hits while he recovers. There's a variation of this move where he adds a Flame swipe and a backward 360 at the end. To dodge these additional moves, you would want to roll backward for the flame spell, hold out a bit, then roll forward again for the 360 Flame spell. This will also allow you to get some hits on him.
Finally, one more move that is worth mentioning is the Messmer's Assault which consists of multiple string attacks and usually ends with an explosion at the end. The move will begin with Messmer jumping up with an Airborne Sweep 360, followed by a quick spear swing, an upward thrust to launch himself upwards and end the move with a plunge to create an explosion. This move will create spears exploding from the ground. To dodge this move, you will do the following per string of attack:
Roll to your right back
Roll towards him to be point blank or back to mitigate damage
Again, roll towards than him and punish/heal, since recovery is long
There's also a variation of this move called Airborne Sweeps Combo , which is more manageable to dodge.
As the battle goes on and Messmer's health reaches the halfway mark, the fight stops. The fight pauses and a cutscene shows Messmer kneeling and performing a ritualistic act, removing one of his own eyes and shattering it, causing the area to glow red. This indicates the beginning of Phase 2.
Base Serpent Messmer steps up once you've depleted Messmer the Impaler's health to 50%. His health remains at 50% at the start of the fight. In this new phase, Base Serpent Messmer not only retains his old form's original attacks but also introduces a set of new, more lethal attacks with the help of the Abyssal Serpent revealed after he gouged out his golden eye.
The battle begins with the Serpent Explosive Bite which is where he turns into a big serpent with Scarlet Rot crawling on its skin. The Serpent bites down on the ground and as the fang hits, the ground beneath it will explode. Then, Messmer will revert to his humanoid form. While in this state, he executes his attacks with increased speed compared to his previous form, making him a more powerful boss.
Among the fresh additions to his move set is a serpent transformation that rises up to the ground to throw a fireball. However, one of his most powerful attacks is the Fire Grab . This technique has his right hand engulfed in flames. He'll unleash a torrent of fire from his grasp while impaling his spear to you with flames, almost guaranteeing instant death.
Proceeding in this battle requires a slow approach to Base Serpent Messmer's abilities and vulnerabilities. Capitalize on the small opening right after he uses Serpent Fireball to unleash a ton of heavy strikes, increasing your damage output. When engaging his humanoid form, maintain an aggressive approach but be ready to switch to defensive the moment he transforms into his serpent form. His serpent attacks pack a punch, requiring you to dodge and counter. To emphasize this, he can also summon the Serpent at will, while he retains his humanoid form. He will stand in place, and raise his right arm to beckon the Serpent. The Serpent will strike fast with a bite and then vanishes right after. Messmer is ready to disengage as soon as the serpent vanishes. You can roll forward as the Serpent prepares for a bite so you can get closer to Messmer.
There's also the variation of the Triple Serpent Bite where he fully transforms into a Serpent to execute 3 successive Serpent Bite attacks. During this attack, you can dodge it by rolling forward as the serpent strikes. The Serpent's head will linger after the third strike, giving an opening for you to attack, then, as Messmer reverts to his humanoid form, you can strike him again for the second time as he materializes.
One thing to note when Messmer transforms into the Serpent is when he creates a large pool of red liquid on the ground. If you can't see Messmer in the middle, this means that he will attack you with a single Serpent Bite , where you can hit him twice (similar to the ending of the Triple Serpent Bite ). However, when he casts the large pool, and you can see him in the center, there will be 3 Serpent heads floating near him and will do 3 strikes. The first one will strike fast to slam its fangs on the ground in an attempt to bite you, followed by a delayed attack from the second which deals 2 attacks, then, the third one is almost simultaneous with Messmer's attack. Messmer will follow up with a Flaming Spear Lunge attack , where he flies up, pauses mid-air, and slams his spear onto the ground to create an explosive area around him.
When dealing with this version, the first thing you will do is to run away from him. Run to your right to create a distance between you and them. Then, roll forward as the first snake bites down, then roll twice to your right with the second snake attack, and finally, roll as Messmer lands on the ground with his Flaming Spear Lunge . This gives you enough space to roll away from the explosion from his spear. However, he usually continues this move with spears erupting from the ground. Make sure to roll towards him as the ground beneath him explodes. When you are within attacking range, you can land an attack while he recovers.
Above all, remain alert when you notice Base Serpent Messmer's right hand glowing with flames it's a sign of his powerful Fire Grab. React by backing away and rolling back, giving you a high chance to evade this lethal attack.
Consider bringing heavy fire-resistant equipment for this fight. Upon entering the arena, roll twice to avoid Messmer's initial attack, and the aftershock. Opportunities for ranged attacks will be minimal without summoning spirit ashes. Given an opportunity, dragon incantations such as Borealis's Mist and Ekzykes's Decay are rather damaging, as Messmer is weak to frost and susceptible to rot. Bear in mind that Messmer's phase two transformation cleanses his rot status.
One of the safest ways to kill Messmer from a distance is with repeated casts of Impenetrable Thorns enhanced by Beloved Stardust . In addition, Greatshield Soldier ashes will hold the boss's attention for a decent amount of time, providing an opening to cast Thorns. For players that prefer DPS summons (Tiche), equipping Glovewort Crystal Tear will end the fight a lot quicker.
Voice Actor: Jack Barton
According to Messmer's Kindling , his younger sister who "bore a vision of fire" is implied to Melina .
A 46 cm figure of Messmer the Impaler comes in the Collector's Edition of Shadow of the Erdtree .
His right eye appears similar to the Marika's Scarseal talisman.
Before you take on this fight, you want to consider summoning Hornsent to progress his questline. If you fail to do so, he will feel the burden of being a failure because he couldn't exact vengeance for his people. His summon is a good call, since it deals damage Messmer is neutral to, does not count towards summons (therefore does not affect healthbar), plus he can inflict Blood Loss.
His summon is a good call, since it deals damage Messmer is neutral to, does not count towards summons (therefore does not affect healthbar), plus he can inflict Blood Loss.
During 2nd phase, The serpent and Messmer does share a single healthbar, but does not share one hurtbox. Therefore, player can essentially double their damage by hitting them at the same time. This goes for Status Effects as well.
Messmer is the only boss in Elden Ring to fight left-handed, which can make him more difficult to block and parry; Messmer tends to strike his foes on the right side of their bodies, while the Tarnished hold shields in their left hands.
Thou'rt Tarnished, it seemeth.
Mother, wouldst thou truly Lordship sanction,
in one so bereft of light?
Yet...my purpose standeth unchanged.
Those stripped of the Grace of Gold shall all meet death.
In the embrace of Messmer's flame.
Defeating player in first phase:
Entering second phase:
I will not suffer...
A lord devoid of light.
O mother, forgive me.
Wilt thou be taken in the jaws...
Of the abyssal serpent, shorn of light.
Defeating player in second phase:
O lightless creature…
Embrace thine oblivion, as shall I.
A curse...upon thee...
In one of the main pieces of artwork of Messmer the Impaler he is shown to be sitting on one of the thrones in Morgott the Omen King ’s arena, in the words of game director Hidetaka Miyazaki this symbolizes he is at least on equal terms to other demigods and children of Queen Marika . Part of the DLC will be exploring why the Lands of Shadow exists, as well as their relationship with this mysterious antagonist.
Messmer, the Impaler did also feature prominently in the new Story Trailer released on May 21st. In said trailer, he is seen alongside his army, razing a city and setting it aflame, burning it to the ground.
Remembrance of Messmer the Impaler, hewn into the Scadutree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
A malevolent snake writhed within Messmer, and so his very mother plucked out his eye and put in its place a seal of grace. Yet, having done so, her fear compelled her to secret away her child within the realm of shadow.
Hidden away—keeping company with the original sin, and a hatred that would not be confined.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Huw, Knight-Captain of the Black Knights.
The Black Knights were the primary force of Messmer's army. Second to their first Knight-Commander was Huw, a man with agile command of both twinblade techniques and the powers of the Crucible, and whose spirit in these ashes dwells. Though a champion of the divine beast hunt, he followed his father, Andreas, into rebellion against Messmer, and like his father, he too was imprisoned in an underground tomb.
Messmer mourned the loss of a brother-in-arms.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Andreas, Knight-Commander of the Black Knights.
The Black Knights were the primary force of Messmer's army. Their first leader was Andreas, a man endowed with great strength and command over the powers of the Crucible, and whose spirit in these ashes dwells. Though he remained a devout follower of Messmer after his flight from the Erdtree, he would rebel after learning of his liege's serpentine nature. His righteous stand was rewarded with imprisonment in an underground tomb.
A special physick blessed by Marika, the queen of the Erdtree.
Completely restores HP and heals all ailments.
Marika once created several of these physicks for Messmer's sake. But never again.
Fiery butterfly with black cinder wings. Material used for crafting items.
Flies in war-torn lands that have been scoured by Messmer's flame.
They burn in dark and slender ribbons of fire.
The kindling that burned inside Messmer the Impaler. A dark thing, eaten away at by a wicked serpent.
Burns the sealing tree said to be found at the old Rauh ruins.
Messmer, much like his younger sister, bore a vision of fire.
An incantation of Messmer the Impaler.
Summons Messmer's flame to form a giant floating orb. The orb soars toward a foe, crashes into the earth, and explodes after a brief delay. Charging enhances potency.
Messmer despised his own fire. Time and time again he hoped to rid himself of it, but ever did it burn.
Black armor of Messmer the Impaler. Draped with a red cloak bearing his crest embroidered.
On his mother's wishes, Messmer made himself a symbol of fear, undertaking the cleansing crusade she desired.
"Direct thy maledictions, thine ire, and thy grief towards me alone."
Black helm of Messmer the Impaler, crowned with two intertwined winged serpents. Slightly enhances incantations of Messmer's flame as well as Fire Knight skills.
The winged snakes were Messmer's constant companions.
They were there when the base serpent was sealed away behind his eye. They were there through his eternity of suffering. They will accompany him yet, in his hideous new form, born when he destroyed the grace granted by his mother. They have accepted his fate as much as he.
Remembrance of Rellana, the Twin Moon Knight, hewn into the Scadutree.
Once a Carian princess, Rellana disavowed her birthright and chose to stand at Messmer's side instead, knowing full well that not even the brilliance of the moon could grant him succor.
Before long, she became known as the Sword of Messmer.
Ornate helm of Rellana, the Twin Moon Knight, fashioned from silver steel.
Rennala, head of the royal family of Caria, was said to have given her younger sister, who renounced her lineage to chase after Messmer, a gift of lustrous black hair.
Carian light greatsword embedded with blue glintstone. Weapon of Rellana, the Twin Moon Knight.
Those stripped of the Grace of Gold shall all meet death. In the embrace of Messmer's flame .
- Messmer the Impaler
Messmer the Impaler is a mandatory boss in Shadow of the Erdtree . He is a Demigod who is encountered in the Shadow Keep .
1 Overview 1.1 The Crusade
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Phase One 2.2 Phase Two
Messmer was a son of Queen Marika the Eternal . He was born with a dark serpent inside him that threatened to subsume him, which Messmer has called the Abyssal Serpent ; Marika was able to contain its influence by removing one of Messmer's eyes and replacing it with a seal of grace . Ever since his accursed birth, Messmer was in constant company of the winged serpents . [ 1 ]
Much like his younger sister , Messmer bore a vision of fire . [ 2 ] He despised this flame , and time and time again hoped to rid himself of it, but found that it ever burned. [ 3 ]
At some point, Messmer befriended Commander Gaius , an Albinauric who like him was cursed from birth. Gaius would go on to command Messmer's armies in the wars to come. They both acted as "older brothers" to General Radahn . [ 4 ]
Before the Shattering , Messmer was charged by his mother with carrying out a purge of the tower -dwelling hornsent of the Land of Shadow , who did not bear the light of grace. At some point during his Crusade , Messmer was abandoned in the Land of Shadow , but continued to zealously enforce the purge even though Marika ceased all contact with him. Messmer came to reside in a fort known as the Shadow Keep .
Key in his army were the Black Knights , commanded by Black Knight Commander Andreas and his son and second-in-command Black Knight Captain Huw . Although they remained devoutly loyal to Messmer despite his abandonment by Marika, they ultimately rebelled upon learning of his serpentine nature. The pair were imprisoned in an underground tomb , and despite his betrayal, Messmer mourned the loss of Huw, whom he had considered a brother-in-arms. [ 5 ] [ 6 ] His Fire Knights rebelled against burning the Ancient Ruins of Rauh and the destruction of the specimens in the Specimen Storehouse . [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
Eventually, an intruder invaded Messmer's stronghold, the Shadow Keep, and was noticed by the demigod's serpents, who identified them as a Tarnished Champion and a pretender to the title of Elden Lord . Though surprised that a Tarnished had come to the Land of Shadow, Messmer nonetheless attacked them to continue enforcing the purge. However, the serpentine demigod struggled overcome the Tarnished. Unwilling to accept "a Lord devoid of light" and desperate to regain the upper hand, Messmer ripped out Marika's seal and unleashed the power of the Abyssal Serpent, allowing him to frequently transform into a massive serpent. Nonetheless, the Tarnished was able to land a fatal blow upon Messmer. Realizing that his mother had indeed forsaken him, Messmer used his dying breath to curse Marika.
Messmer is not an optional boss as he must be defeated in order to acquire Messmer's Kindling that would allow the burning of the Sealing Tree.
Hornsent can be summoned for this boss. His summon sign is found inside of the boss room, and will appear if the player decides to side with him against Leda or ignore this part of Leda's quest.
Messmer's attacks are imbued with fire damage, making him a formidable opponent who relies heavily on his spear's reach and agility. To proceed in this boss fight, readiness for his swift movements is important. When fighting Messmer at a close range, you will have more chances of retaliating and chipping away at his health while he recovers. Engaging Messmer patiently is the best strategy to effectively take him down. When he finishes a string of attacks, focus on breaking his poise by pulling off heavy attacks for a chance to deal significant damage.
Because of his speed, Messmer can quickly transition between offense and defense by quickly disengaging with a leap after he finishes a move. Be aware that Messmer counters swiftly after sustaining damage, too. As his speed and precision in combat are his biggest asset, observation is required to avoid being overwhelmed. Once Messmer's health is half-depleted, a cutscene will trigger, which will start Messmer's second phase.
During the second phase, Messmer remains at 50% and not only retains his original attacks, but also introduces a set of new and more lethal attacks with the help of the Abyssal Serpent. Among the fresh additions to his move set is the ability to transform into a big red serpent that rises up to the ground to throw a fireball or do bite attacks. He also suffers a major weakness to Holy damage, likely a result of embracing the Abyssal Serpent that her mother sealed away in his eye.
Messmer, much like his siblings Malenia and Miquella , was also born cursed. Exactly when he was born remains unknown as all mention of him was erased by his mother after she abandoned him in the Land of Shadow. Messmer did, however, act as an elder brother to Radahn , who is older than the twins, making Messmer at the very least their older brother.
Messmer did, however, act as an elder brother to Radahn , who is older than the twins, making Messmer at the very least their older brother.
In one of the item descriptions of Messmer's Kindling it says that "His younger sister also bore a vision of fire", possibly relating to Melina . She serves as kindling to burn the Erdtree, and so too did Messmer have kindling capable of burning a tree.
While unconfirmed, Messmer is implied to be a child of Radagon : He is red-haired, a trait commonly seen in Radagon's children. He was born cursed, much like Malenia and Miquella, who were born "from a single god". There are four butterfly items shown in the game and its expansion: Nascent - Miquella, Aeonian - Malenia, Smouldering - Melina, and Black Pyrefly - Messmer. Radagon's motif is present in the soundtrack of Messmer's fight.
He is red-haired, a trait commonly seen in Radagon's children.
He was born cursed, much l

---

area: Gravesite Plain
chapter: 30
name: Needle Knight Leda
Needle Knight Leda is an NPC in Elden Ring . Needle Knight Leda is the ringleader of Miquella's band of followers in the Realm of Shadow. She is an NPC exclusive to Shadow of the Erdtree and does not appear in the base game. She was part of an order of knights under the service of Miquella known as the needle knights.
See Needle Knight Leda Lore
Come now. Touch the withered arm, and travel to the realm of shadow.
I will not be far behind, may we meet again.
Needle Knight Leda can be found at Mohgwyn Palace , besides the cocoon of Miquella .
This NPC moves to Highroad Cross Site of Grace after entering Scadu Altus . [ Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]
This NPC moves near the Cleansing Chamber Anteroom Site of Grace in Enir-Ilim : After assisting her twice, or assisting Hornsent or Sir Ansbach , she will move there. If you attack her at the Highroad Cross Site of Grace, she will vanish and move there prematurely. If the Sealing Tree in the Ancient Ruins of Rauh is burned, she will move there on her own.
After assisting her twice, or assisting Hornsent or Sir Ansbach , she will move there.
If you attack her at the Highroad Cross Site of Grace, she will vanish and move there prematurely.
If the Sealing Tree in the Ancient Ruins of Rauh is burned, she will move there on her own.
Can be summoned for the fight against Rellana, Twin Moon Knight in Castle Ensis. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ] NOTE : After Miquella's charm is broken, Leda will no longer be an optional summon against this boss.
Defeat Mohg, Lord of Blood (base-game boss). After the fight, you gain access to the Cocoon of the Empyrean Grace (the withered arm/cocoon near Mohgwyn).
Speak with Needle Knight Leda at that Cocoon and exhaust dialogue. She prompts you to touch Miquella’s withered arm to be transported to the Realm of Shadow — this begins her involvement in the DLC.
Progress through Scadu Altus / Belurat Tower Settlement and defeat the Divine Beast “Dancing Lion” in Belurat Tower Settlement . After the boss, look for Leda’s Tower-of-Shadow message in the area. Pick it up — it’s the first in-world note that points where Leda is headed.
You can find a second Leda message at Castle Ensis near the Castle Ensis Checkpoint .
You are then able to summon Leda for the Rellana, Twin Moon Knight fight in Castle Ensis (optional).
Leda appears at the Highroad Cross Site of Grace ( Scadu Altus , directly north of Castle Ensis ). Exhaust her dialogue there; you’ll usually find Hornsent nearby as well. Resting at the grace a couple of times can be necessary to advance their dialogue options.
Travel to Shadow Keep (where the “great rune” or charm is affecting NPCs). You must break Miquella’s charm — this is triggered by approaching the Shadow Keep properly or crossing the bridge east of Bonny Village ; once the charm is dispelled, return to Highroad Cross and talk to Leda again for new dialogue. This unlocks the next branch where Leda either attacks Hornsent or you defend Hornsent (or later Ansbach ).
Inside the Shadow Keep , just before the Storehouse, First Floor Site of Grace , near the Fire Knight guarding the lift, there will be two summon signs.
You can choose to: Help Hornsent ( defend him in Shadow Keep): you get Ash of War: Swift Slash as well as 1x Leda's Rune . This locks you out of the Lacerating Crossed-Tree and Retaliatory Crossed-Tree talismans. Help Leda ( attack Hornsent): you get Lacerating Crossed-Tree Talismen, but you lose the Ash of War: Swift Slash and rune.
Help Hornsent ( defend him in Shadow Keep): you get Ash of War: Swift Slash as well as 1x Leda's Rune . This locks you out of the Lacerating Crossed-Tree and Retaliatory Crossed-Tree talismans.
Help Leda ( attack Hornsent): you get Lacerating Crossed-Tree Talismen, but you lose the Ash of War: Swift Slash and rune.
After the Hornsent/Leda clash, you will now be able to choose whether to invade or assist Ansbach.
You can choose to: Help Leda (attack Ansbach ): you will get Ansbach's Longbow as well as Ansbach's Set . Help Ansbach (defend him ): you get Ansbach's Longbow and 1x Leda's Rune .
Help Leda (attack Ansbach ): you will get Ansbach's Longbow as well as Ansbach's Set .
Help Ansbach (defend him ): you get Ansbach's Longbow and 1x Leda's Rune .
If you skip the Hornsent fight (or handle it a certain way), Hornsent can be summonable for the Messmer the Impaler fight.
Leda will reappear at the top of Enir-Ilim , directly after the Cleansing Chamber Anteroom Site of Grace, where an NPC battle occurs (the big multi-ally fight). Leda's Armor and Leda's Sword will be lootable from her corpse.
Lockout conditions for Needle Knight Leda's Quest: Her summon/invasion signs in Shadow Keep for Hornsent (near the burning boats) will disappear once you enter Messmer the Impaler's arena from the Dark Chamber Entrance Site of Grace. Exercise caution as the boss fog will not be present the first time you encounter Messmer. Make sure to respond to the summon signs beforehand to prevent yourself from locking out from the rewards related to Hornsent.
Her summon/invasion signs in Shadow Keep for Hornsent (near the burning boats) will disappear once you enter Messmer the Impaler's arena from the Dark Chamber Entrance Site of Grace. Exercise caution as the boss fog will not be present the first time you encounter Messmer. Make sure to respond to the summon signs beforehand to prevent yourself from locking out from the rewards related to Hornsent.
It is possible to get all the unique items from her questline and Sir Ansbach/Hornsent's in a minimum of two playthroughs. See the " How to Optimize Rewards" section below for more info. It is NOT possible to get all of the items from the three NPCs in a single playthrough, as whatever decision you pick, you will unavoidably lock yourself out of certain items.
Leda wears a modified version of the Oathseeker Set with a unique Chest Armor signifying her allegiance to Miquella.
Leda's Rune seems to imply that Leda is a Tarnished .
NOTE: Patch 1.13 increased the stats and status of Needle Knight Leda when summoned in some areas.
The quest begins after defeating Mohg, Lord of Blood in the base game (additionally, Starscourge Radahn will have to be defeated). You will find Needle Knight Leda , a character donning a white robe standing next to Miquella's bloody cocoon in the Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum. Talk to her to preface your journey to the Realm of Shadow. She introduces herself as Leda and invites you to join her, and other followers of Miquella the Kind to trace his path. To start your journey, she tells you to touch the withered arm. You will then be transported to the Shadow Realm and begin the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC .
You won't see Leda again for a while; however, you can find two of her messages which mention where she is headed and give insight to Miquella's intentions.
The first of Leda's messages ( Tower of Shadow Message ) you find is in Belurat Tower Settlement. After defeating the Divine Beast Dancing Lion , take the lift up and follow the path towards the stairs. Take the stairs up and to the right is the letter [ See the Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ].
The second of Leda's messages ( Castle Cross Message ) can be found later on after traversing through Castle Ensis. Miquella's Cross can be found, and Leda's message is right next to it [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ].
Needle Knight Leda is found at the Highroad Cross Site of Grace [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ] near Hornsent . Speak to both of them and exhaust all dialogue options. Hornsent will provide the New Cross Map showing the location of four additional Miquella's Crosses .
(Optional) Monk's Missive and the "May the Best Win" gesture can also be found at the Site of Grace. These items are important for progressing Dryleaf Dane's questline. After meeting Dryleaf Dane, you can return to Leda to learn more about him.
To progress Leda's questline, Miquella's great rune must be broken. Triggering the event will display the message, "Somewhere a great rune has been broken. And so too, a powerful charm," . Breaking the great rune will not affect you but will advance several NPC questlines, such as Leda's. To trigger the event:
Enter Shadow Keep through the front entrance at Messmer's Army Encampment. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
Pass Bonny Village and head east in Scadu Altus , then continue north from the Bridge Leading to the Village Site of Grace. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
After breaking the great rune, return to Leda at the Highroad Cross Site of Grace [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ] to unlock new dialogue. She will ask you who she should pursue, but your choice will not affect the game's outcome.
Suggesting Thiollier will lead Leda to conclude that he is not a threat.
Suggesting Hornsent will cause Leda to acknowledge his desire for vengeance. She will initially hesitate but will eventually agree to pursue him.
Suggesting no one will end the conversation, but Leda will ultimately decide to go after Hornsent regardless.
NOTE : It is NOT possible to get all of the unique items from Ansbach and Hornsent in a single playthrough. Whichever decisions you pick below, you will unavoidably lock yourself out of certain items. You will need a minimum of two playthroughs to acquire all items, see the "How to Optimize Rewards" section below for suggested paths.
Once Leda has informed you of her decision to pursue Hornsent , head to Shadow Keep. Just before the elevator to the Storehouse, First Floor Site of Grace in Shadow Keep (also reached by continuing up for a while from the Main Gate Plaza Site of Grace), on the battlements with the burning boats you will find two summoning signs. They'll be in the south, near a set of stairs.
If you help Leda ( the red summon ): You will kill Hornsent, ending his questline there. You will be rewarded with Falx , Hornsent's Set , and (after speaking to Leda again at the Highroad Cross Site of Grace) Lacerating Crossed-Tree . This will lock you out of getting Ash of War: Swift Slash , it will make a later boss fight easier, and it will prevent Hornsent from assisting you against Messmer the Impaler .
If you help Hornsent ( the gold summon ): Hornsent's questline will continue, and your next encounter with Leda will be in Enir-Ilim . You will be rewarded with Ash of War: Swift Slash and Leda's Rune . This will lock you out of getting Lacerating Crossed-Tree , Retaliatory Crossed-Tree , and Ansbach's Longbow .
If you help neither : Hornsent's and Leda's questlines will both continue after you defeat Messmer the Impaler . This will lock you out of getting Lacerating Crossed-Tree and Ash of War: Swift Slash .
If you helped Leda kill Hornsent , or enter the Messmer the Impaler boss room without assisting either, Leda will move on to target Sir Ansbach . Talk to Leda again in Scadu Altus and she will inform you that she is targeting him next. Return to Storehouse, First Floor and nearby Ansbach you will find two summon signs. You must give Sir Ansbach the Secret Rite Scroll and complete the portion of his quest in the Shadow Keep in order for the summon signs to appear.
If you help Leda ( the red summon ): You will kill Sir Ansbach, ending his questline there. You will be rewarded with Ansbach's Longbow , Ansbach's Set , and (after speaking to Leda again at the Highroad Cross Site of Grace) Retaliatory Crossed-Tree . This will lock you out of getting Furious Blade of Ansbach , Obsidian Lamina , and Leda's Rune , and prevent you from summoning Sir Ansbach in Enir-Ilim .
If you help Sir Ansbach ( the gold summon ): Sir Ansbach's questline will continue. You will be rewarded with Ansbach's Longbow and Leda's Rune . This will lock you out of getting Retaliatory Crossed-Tree . He will be summonable in Enir-Ilim .
If you do nothing : Sir Ansbach's questline will continue, and he will still be summonable later on in Enir-Ilim . This will lock you out of getting Retaliatory Crossed-Tree and Ansbach's Longbow .
If you aided Leda twice, speak to her again and exhaust her dialogue at the Highroad Cross Site of Grace. After resting or leaving the area, she will move to Enir-Ilim . If you aided either Hornsent or Sir Ansbach, she will move to Enir-Ilim on her own.
In your final encounter with Leda, she will try to stop you once you reach the Cleansing Chamber Anteroom Site of Grace in Enir-Ilim . After the battle with the NPC allies , you'll be able to loot Leda's Armor and Leda's Sword from her corpse.
NOTE : as of ver. 1.12.3, this encounter is bugged. If you are summoned as a furled finger and die during the battle, you will drop your runes as if you were the host. You can reclaim your runes in the place you died in your own world, but if you forget to do so before being summoned as a cooperator and dying again, the runes will be permanently lost.
It is possible to get all of the items related to Leda, Hornsent, and Sir Ansbach in a minimum of two playthroughs:
Ahh, were you guided here by Kindly Miquella? I am Leda, and like you, I was guided by faith along his honorable path. Touch the withered arm, and you too will be transported. To the realm of shadow, where Miquella the Kind now dwells. My compatriots are there already. Like us, they have heard Kindly Miquella's call. If you can find them, they are certain to lend you aid.
Come now, touch the withered arm, and travel to the realm of shadow. I will not be far behind, may we meet again.
Visit at Highroad Cross
(If you haven’t met yet) Ah, finally we meet. I am Leda. I missed my chance to speak with you last time, but you too must have been guided here by Kindly Miquella. Have you met my compatriots? They were drawn here by Miquella the Kind, much like you, following the path he himself trod. You must have been surprised to see such a band, each come from places far and wide…
(If you have met) Hello again. Did you meet my compatriots? They’re quite the congregation. From places as far and wide as you can imagine.
Doubtless they’d have all come to blows at first glance… Were it not for the charm of Kindly Miquella put upon us. This is what allows us to serve together. The work of a living god.
We are all utterly captivated by Kindly Miquella. It is what binds us together.
(Ask about the silent monk) Oh, that man is known as Dane. He’s been in the service of Miquella the Kind longer than I. He might be solemn of cheer, but is a fierce warrior nevertheless. There’s no cause for concern… Dane’s reluctance to speak to you is no fault of your own. We’ve been acquainted for quite some time, but even I am yet to hear his voice. Perhaps one day.
(Ask about the hornsent) Wondering about the hornsent, are you? True enough, in any other circumstance he’d be at our throats… Long ago, Queen Marika commanded Sir Messmer to purge the tower folk. A cleansing by fire. It’s no wonder the hornsent holds the Erdtree in contempt. That aside, man is by nature a creature of conquest. And in this regard, the tower folk are no different. They were never saints. They just happened to be on the losing side of a war. But it’s still a wretched shame.
§ After the Great Rune is broken
(If you haven’t met yet) Ah, finally we meet. I am Leda. I missed my chance to speak with you last time, but you too must have been guided here by Miquella the Kind. Then you must have felt it. Tender Miquella’s enchantment has been broken.
(If you have met) Oh, hello. Did you feel it? Miquella the Kind’s enchantment appears to have broken.
But while my devotion to Kindly Miquella remains unchanged, by my troth, I am not so sure about the others. No, wait. Perhaps this is a blessing in disguise. I can wield my sword to cull the undeserving, those unfit to bask in Miquella the Kind’s presence. I should’ve thought of this earlier.
Right. It’s time to being ferreting out… Those of us who don’t deserve to be at Kindly Miquella’s side… (Suggest Thiollier) Thiollier, hmm. It’s true, his devotion to St. Trina is plain to see. I fear his vows to Miquella the Kind are merely secondary. But for this very reason, Thiollier is incapable of betrayal. St. Trina’s love for Kind Miquella is boundless. She is, after all, his other half. Or perhaps her feelings go beyond even that. Even if she was left behind, I doubt her heart would waver. (Suggest Hornsent) The hornsent, hmm. On one hand, he trusts Miquella the Kind to bring salvation to his people. With the enchantment lifted, his vengeful passions may once again ignite, but surely he’d be mindful of Kindly Miquella’s promise… On the other hand, the hornsent does present his own dangers. Perhaps your concerns are well-founded after all. Allow me some time to mull it over.
(Suggest Thiollier) Thiollier, hmm. It’s true, his devotion to St. Trina is plain to see. I fear his vows to Miquella the Kind are merely secondary. But for this very reason, Thiollier is incapable of betrayal. St. Trina’s love for Kind Miquella is boundless. She is, after all, his other half. Or perhaps her feelings go beyond even that. Even if she was left behind, I doubt her heart would waver.
(Suggest Hornsent) The hornsent, hmm. On one hand, he trusts Miquella the Kind to bring salvation to his people. With the enchantment lifted, his vengeful passions may once again ignite, but surely he’d be mindful of Kindly Miquella’s promise… On the other hand, the hornsent does present his own dangers. Perhaps your concerns are well-founded after all. Allow me some time to mull it over.
Oh, there you are. It took me long enough, I know, but I’ve made my decision. I believe it wisest to eliminate the hornsent. If he were to point his blade at Sir Messmer or Queen Marika, perhaps it would not matter. But vengeance changes a man. And one day, his blade may turn towards Miquella the Kind. Kindly Miquella is, after all, the true golden child. Even if he discards every last drop of his being, his lineage will always remain.
I believe the hornsent suspects what I have in mind. He never placed his full trust in me, even under the effect of Kindly Miquella’s spell. He must’ve recognized something. The scent of the killer that slept within me. The stench of crusted blood.
I will follow the hornsent. To have his revenge on Sir Messsmer, there is only one place he will go. The black keep.
After defeating Messmer
Oh, there you are. I’ve made up my mind – The hornsent is no longer a mortal danger. (with Hornsent’s Help) With his grudge against Sir Messmer settled, his blade is bent by madness. Wherever he goes he won’t last long. I needn’t bother with him. Unruly emotions only lead to misfortune. All the more reason we need someone like Miquella the Kind. (without Hornsent’s Help) With the object of his vengeance gone, his blade has grown dull. In that state, I don’t imagine he will ever fight again. I needn’t bother with him. Lest, of course, another target for his retribution should appear.
(with Hornsent’s Help) With his grudge against Sir Messmer settled, his blade is bent by madness. Wherever he goes he won’t last long. I needn’t bother with him. Unruly emotions only lead to misfortune. All the more reason we need someone like Miquella the Kind.
(without Hornsent’s Help) With the object of his vengeance gone, his blade has grown dull. In that state, I don’t imagine he will ever fight again. I needn’t bother with him. Lest, of course, another target for his retribution should appear.
Worthy hornsent. I will dispose of you. Before your thirst for revenge beckons our undoing. I can no longer trust your word.
Assisting Leda What a surprise. That you should join me here. I am pleased. Now go and make yourself useful. (On defeat) Y-you have bested me. Only… (On victory) Kindly Miquella never betrays a vow. Go. Your family awaits you.
What a surprise. That you should join me here. I am pleased. Now go and make yourself useful.
(On defeat) Y-you have bested me. Only…
(On victory) Kindly Miquella never betrays a vow. Go. Your family awaits you.
Assisting Hornsent Have you been taken in by the plight of the hornsent? Foolish… But hardly unexpected. Man is a compassionate animal, for better or worse. (On defeat) Urgh! You have bested me. A single betrayal, enough to turn the tides… Unfortunate, but I will leave you be, for now.
Have you been taken in by the plight of the hornsent? Foolish… But hardly unexpected. Man is a compassionate animal, for better or worse.
(On defeat) Urgh! You have bested me. A single betrayal, enough to turn the tides… Unfortunate, but I will leave you be, for now.
§ After defeating Hornsent
Oh, there you are. Well fought. You have my gratitude. He was never going to see eye to eye with us, but his words were ill-founded. It was hard to hear, I know. ( Gives Lacerating Crossed-Tree )
I know I shouldn’t let myself… But I suppose it’s only natural to feel the weight of one’s deeds at times like these. There is plenty left to be done. And I will see to it.
Who else, I wonder… I don’t enjoy casting suspicion on anyone I’ve called a comrade. But it’s a small sacrifice in the grand scheme of things. We must eradicate all doubt…
Ah, there you are. I’m afraid Sir Ansbach will have to be next. He insists that he’s nothing but a worn down, over-the-hill soldier. But in his day, he was the feared commander of the Pureblood Knights, who cleaved open Miquella the Kind with his blood blade. He claims he hasn’t the spirit to take up his sword again, but I doubt it’ll be very long… Before he recalls, as I have, the cascading sheets of blood. I’m afraid he cannot be left to fester…
I’ve come to a realization… There’s ample evidence… Without Kindly Miquella’s influence… I’m quite mistrustful of others…
Fighting Sir Ansbach
Sir Ansbach. I will dispose of you. I find that I have a new apprehension – Your ambivalence. And exactly where it might lead you.
Assisting Leda You’ve come again, have you. Thank you. Now go and make yourself useful. (On defeat) You are a force of nature… Only… (On victory) Thank you for all that you have done, Sir Ansbach.
You’ve come again, have you. Thank you. Now go and make yourself useful.
(On defeat) You are a force of nature… Only…
(On victory) Thank you for all that you have done, Sir Ansbach.
Assisting Sir Ansbach So you've chosen your side, have you. Despite having no debt to the Lord of Blood. I suppose it was Sir Ansbach who won you over. Fine. One more heart for my blade to skewer. (On victory) With this battle I send you on. It was an honour. Now, go. (On defeat) Perhaps I should have known. Not to challenge the two of you alone. I take my leave, for now.
So you've chosen your side, have you. Despite having no debt to the Lord of Blood. I suppose it was Sir Ansbach who won you over. Fine. One more heart for my blade to skewer.
(On victory) With this battle I send you on. It was an honour. Now, go.
(On defeat) Perhaps I should have known. Not to challenge the two of you alone. I take my leave, for now.
After Sir Ansbach is defeated
Ah, there you are. I owe you for your help in battle, once again. None can deny Sir Ansbach was truly a great man. We can be proud, that we were the last opponents he ever faced. (Gives Retaliatory Crossed-Tree )
You are an odd one, aren’t you. The enchantment is broken, and yet you alone appear completely unchanged. As if nothing was ever cast upon you. … No matter. If you found your way here, it was because Kindly Miquella wished it so. But I am afraid this is our farewell. When next we meet, let it be under the eyes of Miquella the Kind. Good bye, comrade.
Entering Cleansing Chamber
Ah, I thought I’d see you here. It’s been quite some time. … It was never Kindly Miquella, was it? The Erdtree was leading you all along. So that you might ascend to lordship. Why come to these lands to begin with? I suppose it must be what his Eminence, or perhaps the Erdtree, desired all along? The clashing of the favored lords, such that one would prevail? So be it. If you insist upon facing Miquella the Kind, Then I will run you through, whoever you might be. Don’t tarry now.
Be summoned to challenge Needle Knight Leda and her allies
Don’t you dare approach Miquella the Kind. (With multiple allies) Needle Knight Leda, Dryleaf Dane, and our allies… (With one ally) Needle Knight Leda, Dryleaf Dane, and our ally… (With no allies) Needle Knight Leda, Dryleaf Dane...
(With multiple allies) Needle Knight Leda, Dryleaf Dane, and our allies…
(With one ally) Needle Knight Leda, Dryleaf Dane, and our ally…
(With no allies) Needle Knight Leda, Dryleaf Dane...
Will never allow this.
I am sorry. For speaking to you as a compatriot. When we stood before the withered arm.
By way of apology, I will reveal the marrow of my sword. Its needles, that will stitch you into death.
Needle Knight Leda is an NPC in Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree . Standing out among her fellows for her single-minded devotion to Lord Miquella , Leda is the de-facto leader of the Empyrean's followers, guiding the Tarnished into the Land of Shadow .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
A member of the Needle Knights, an order devoted to Miquella of the Haligtree . [ 1 ] Leda was guided by Miquella to the Realm of Shadow alongside her compatriots, [ 2 ] all of whom were under the influence of a powerful charm which compelled them to follow the Empyrean. [ 3 ] While in the Realm of Shadow, Leda followed the trail of crosses left by Miquella, discovering in the process that he sought the Gate of Divinity, which was sealed away by a tree. [ 4 ]
The Tarnished encounters Leda in Mohgwyn Palace , where she urges them to touch the withered arm in Miquella's cocoon to enter the Realm of Shadow. Within the Land of Shadow, the Tarnished meets Leda and her various compatriots on their search for Miquella, seeking out the crosses to ascertain his route. However, the charm inflicted upon the compatriots is broken when Miquella's Great Rune is shattered. [ 5 ] Leda's devotion to Miquella is unshaken, but she begins to suspect her compatriots of disloyalty. [ 6 ] Leda sets about ferreting out those she believes undeserving of a place at Miquella's side, [ 7 ] with her potential targets being the Hornsent and Sir Ansbach . The Tarnished may assist her in her hunt, or side with her opponents.
After gaining access to Enir-Ilim , the Tarnished encounters Leda for a final time on the way to the Gate of Divinity. Leda deduces that the Tarnished was never guided by Miquella, and concludes that they were instead following the guidance of the Erdtree . [ 8 ] Viewing the Tarnished as a threat to Miquella's ascension, she challenges them. [ 9 ] The Tarnished triumphs over Leda and her remaining allies, and continues to the top of the tower.
1. Defeat both Starscourge Radahn and Mohg, Lord of Blood . Then rest on the nearest Site of Grace . Leda will appear in front of Miquella's cocoon at Mohgywn Dynasty Mausoleum and urge to interact with it.
2. Defeat the Divine Beast Dancing Lion , climb up the stairs in the adjacent room and collect the item on the top; a letter from Leda.
3. Defeat Rellana, Twin Moon Knight , Leda can be summoned for this fight. After the fight, you can find Leda again in the next Site of Grace.
4. Return to the same place and speak to Leda after visiting the entrance of the Shadow Keep .
5. Speaking with Leda and choose an option:
Suggest Thiollier -> Nothing happens?
Suggest Hornsent -> She goes after Hornsent
Suggest no one -> she goes after Hornsent
Rest on the site of grace and speak with Leda again after choosing an option.
6. (If she goes after Hornsent) you can find a summon signs in the Shadow Keep.
7. She can be found at the Storehouse, First Floor where Sir Ansbach is.
8. Regardless of any choices made, Leda will be finally found at Enir-Ilim , where she will be waiting for a quick chat with the player.
Leda in the Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree promotional poster.

---

area: Shadow Keep
chapter: 35
name: Sir Ansbach
Sir Ansbach is an NPC in Elden Ring . Sir Ansbach is a former servant of Mohg, Lord of Blood and his dynasty , but is now part of the group that follows Miquella through the Realm of Shadow. Sir Ansbach is an NPC exclusive to Shadow of the Erdtree and does not appear in the base game.
See Sir Ansbach Lore
You must be the Tarnished. I am Sir Ansbach. Formerly in service to Lord Mohg. But now, like you, guided by Miquella.
Sir Ansbach can be found at a small camp, just outside Belurat, Tower Settlement . He can be found alongside Moore . [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
This NPC moves to Shadow Keep - Storehouse, First Floor [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ].
This NPC leaves his location at Storehouse, First Floor after giving him the Secret Rite Scroll .
Sir Ansbach can be summoned to assist in the NPC battle at the Cleansing Chamber Anteroom of Enir-Ilim .
Sir Ansbach can be summoned to assist in fighting the final boss in Enir-Ilim .
Speak with Sir Ansbach at the Main Gate Cross - Site of Grace
Break Miquella's charm
Speak to Sir Ansbach at the Main Gate Cross - Site of Grace
Travel to the Shadow Keep and speak to him at the Storehouse, First Floor
Hand over the Secret Rite Scroll to Sir Ansbach
Continue Needle Knight Leda 's questline
Respond to the summons in the Storehouse
Join the NPC battle in Enir-Ilim
Defeat the final boss in Enir-Ilim
Lockout conditions for Sir Ansbach's Quest: If you do not give him the Secret Rite Scroll , he will not move from his location and exclude him from the fight in Enir-Ilim . If you give him the scroll before talking to Redmane Freyja about her decision, he will leave before giving the Letter for Freyja , potentially locking out Freyja's questline.
If you do not give him the Secret Rite Scroll , he will not move from his location and exclude him from the fight in Enir-Ilim .
If you give him the scroll before talking to Redmane Freyja about her decision, he will leave before giving the Letter for Freyja , potentially locking out Freyja's questline.
Sir Ansbach will ask you to visit Miquella's Crosses , however, it is optional to find all of Miquella's Crosses as it will not affect his questline. Additional dialogue from Sir Ansbach becomes unavailable once Miquella breaks his great rune, which is a story event that is triggered by approaching Shadow Keep or crossing the bridge east of Bonny Village. To not miss any dialogue, make sure to visit him after finding the Belurat Tower Settlement Cross , then either the Scaduview Cross , or Cerulean Coast Cross . Finding two of these crosses allows Sir Ansbach to reach a conclusion about Miquella ’s intentions.
Additional dialogue from Sir Ansbach becomes unavailable once Miquella breaks his great rune, which is a story event that is triggered by approaching Shadow Keep or crossing the bridge east of Bonny Village. To not miss any dialogue, make sure to visit him after finding the Belurat Tower Settlement Cross , then either the Scaduview Cross , or Cerulean Coast Cross . Finding two of these crosses allows Sir Ansbach to reach a conclusion about Miquella ’s intentions.
NOTE: Patch 1.13 increased the stats and status of Sir Ansbach when summoned in some areas.
Sir Ansbach is located at the Main Gate Cross Site of Grace [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]. Speak to him and exhaust his dialogue. He will mention Miquella's Crosses and asks you to find them, as well as introduce you to Moore .
Once you have discovered the Belurat Tower Settlement Cross , you can return to Sir Ansbach to unlock more dialogue. Additional dialogue can be unlocked after interacting with the Cerulean Coast Cross and Scaduview Cross , then talking to Sir Ansbach about them. Finding two of these crosses allows Sir Ansbach to reach a conclusion about Miquella’s intentions. N OTE : this additional dialogue becomes unavailable once Miquella breaks his great rune (see below).
Receiving the message "Somewhere a great rune has been broken. And so too, a powerful charm." will advance several NPC questlines, such as Sir Ansbach's. To break the great rune:
Approach the Shadow Keep front entrance, through Messmer's Army Encampment. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]
Head past the Bonny Village to the eastern part of Scadu Altus , from the east bridge leading to the village, continue heading north. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]
Once the great rune is broken head back to Sir Ansbach to unlock new dialogue with him. Once you have exhausted all of his dialogue, he will move to the Shadow Keep .
When you reach Shadow Keep , make your way to the Specimen Storehouse. You will find Sir Ansbach in the Storehouse, First Floor [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ], and Redmane Freyja in the Storehouse, Seventh Floor . Speak to Sir Ansbach and exhaust his dialogue.
It is important to follow the steps below, in order, to progress both Sir Ansbach and Redmane Freyja 's questlines, otherwise Freyja's questline may get locked out:
Speak with Redmane Freyja to learn about Freyja's decision. This must be done before giving Sir Ansbach the Secret Rite Scroll .
Speak with Sir Ansbach and tell him about Freyja's decision. Continue to exhaust his dialogue.
Give Sir Ansbach the Secret Rite Scroll and rest at a Site of Grace, speak with him to accept the Letter for Freyja . Sir Ansbach will also drop Freyja's letter as part of his loot during Needle Knight Leda 's questline, if he is sided against, and the Secret Rite Scroll was given but the dialogue to receive the letter was not initiated.
Sir Ansbach will also drop Freyja's letter as part of his loot during Needle Knight Leda 's questline, if he is sided against, and the Secret Rite Scroll was given but the dialogue to receive the letter was not initiated.
Exhaust both Freyja's and Sir Ansbach's dialogues.
The Secret Rite Scroll can be found on a table behind some tall bookshelves [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ].
If you do not give Sir Ansbach the Secret Rite Scroll , he will not leave his position, will not give you the Letter for Freyja, and will not progress his questline, therefore, you will not be able to summon him in the NPC battle in Enir-Ilim as well as for the final boss .
During Hornsent 's questline, you will be able to skip the fight against Needle Knight Leda and Hornsent , or assist Leda and kill Hornsent. This will lead to Leda going after Ansbach, when this happens, you will need to head back to the Storehouse, First Floor where you will find 2 summon signs. A red one to help Leda, and a gold one to help Sir Ansbach.
Choosing to help Leda ( the red summon ) will result in Sir Ansbach's death. This will reward you with the following items:
Choosing to help Sir Ansbach ( the gold summon ) will keep him alive. His questline can be continued, and will reward you with the following items:
It is possible to skip the fight entirely while still having him available as a summon in Enir-Ilim, however, this will lock you out of either of the above rewards.
If Sir Ansbach is alive and given the Secret Rite Scroll , he will be available as a summon for the NPC allies battle in Enir-Ilim . It is optional to summon Sir Ansbach in the fight, however you will miss additional dialogue if you don't summon him. After the battle, you can speak to him at the top of the elevator to learn more about Mohg, Miquella, and Thiollier .
NOTE: If Sir Ansbach is not summoned for the NPC allies battle, he will not be summonable for the final boss . However, he will still drop his items after the final boss is defeated.
It is optional to summon Sir Ansbach for the final boss . After the final boss is defeated, he will drop the following items near the entrance:
Furious Blade of Ansbach
You must be the Tarnished. I am Ansbach. Formerly in service to Lord Mohg. But now, like you, another soul guided by Kindly Miquella. I am hardly the steady hand I once was. My fighting days are far behind me. Which is why I have chosen to dedicate myself to investigation. To discern Tender Miquella's ultimate purpose. I'd rather not volunteer a service to a new master unless I can be of use.
May I request a service of you? Six crosses, identical to this one, have been discovered in these lands. They are akin to Tender Miquella's footprints. Or gravestones, which mark what he's left behind. If you discover any more crosses, be certain to tell me. I presume you, too, are keen to know. Just what Kind Miquella is doing here
Righteous Tarnished. What brings you here?
(Ask about the person in verdigris armor) Oh, you must mean Sir Moore. Sir Moores is a kind and stalwart ally. He provisions our little outfit. Sir Moore traffics with the forager brood. His brethren who collect supplies from all corners of the land. No doubt they find inspiration in his many virtues. These are not your foes, Tarnished. Should you spot any forager brood, be sure to mind your manners.
(Speak of the cross at the tower) Well, I am much obliged. As suspected, Kindly Miquella has visited the lands which hold the tower. And appears intent on wholly dispossessing himself of his flesh. He must be seeking entrance to the tower of shadow.
(Speak of the cross where the eye was abandoned) Well, I am much obliged. I can hardly believe it, he's divested himself of his very eye… Tender Miquella's eye is no mere morsel of flesh. It is a vessel of soaring grace. Proof of his Empyrean lineage. I wonder, does Miquella the Kind intend to sever his very birthright? His fate as a child of the Erdtree?
(Speak of the cross at the coast) Well, I am much obliged. To think there was a cross left in such a faraway place… And that deep-purple water lilies would be blooming there. This can only mean Kindly Miquella has divested himself even of that… His adoring other self, his blossom of slumber.
Righteous Tarnished. I have reasoned through my findings. Concerning Kind Miquella's intentions – why he is here. The full picture is yet to coalesce, but we do know he is bound for the tower of shadow. And that is where he intends to rise to true godhood… The tower of shadow houses a divine gateway. A well-kept secret, it was, but… The gateway was once the birthplace of a god. A god we know all too well.
After the Great Rune breaks
(If you have not met yet) You must be the Tarnished. I am Ansbach. Formerly in service to Lord Mohg. But now, like you, another soul guided by Kindly Miquella. I‘m hardly the steady hand I once was. My fighting days are far behind me.
Yes, I am well aware.
Kindly Miquella has discarded his Great Rune. The fog that vexed my aging faculties has been lifted. And follies better left forgotten haunt me once again. Once, in an attempt to free Lord Mohg from his enchantment, I challenged Tender Miquella, only to have my own heart rather artfully stolen. I knew not how weak I was. I believed that with sufficient mastery, even an Empyrean would be within reach of my blade. I could not have been more mistaken… Miquella the Kind...is a monster. Pure and radiant, he wields love to shrive clean the hearts of men. There is nothing more terrifying.
Righteous Tarnished. Miquella the Kind makes my blood run cold. I am loath to admit it, but even at this very instant I wish to run very far away indeed.
Visit in Shadow Keep §
Righteous Tarnished. It's been some time. After unburdening my soul to you, I had hoped to make a fresh start. But there was one thought I could not dislodge from my mind. So here I am, quite unable to move on.
After Lord Mohg's slaying at his dynastic palace, it appears his body has been absconded with. And taken straight to Kind Miquella. Surely you recall that I once served Lord Mohg as a Pureblood Knight. After failing him in every regard, and losing sight of my vows, I'd do anything to make amends, in whatever meagre way I can.
What could they possibly have in mind for Lord Mohg's remains? The implications are rather… unnerving.
(Tell him about Freyja's decision) Freyja, by the gods… She must be feeling the need to reaffirm her allegiance before she heads to war… A true Redmane she is, hardly troubled by the rot. But no-one is without their shortcomings… She has a hard road ahead…
Hmm, it does make one think… Perhaps our concerns are but two sides of the same coin?
(Hand over Secret Rite Scroll ) Well, what's this… … Yes, yes, I should have known. Even the truth was itself mere folly. As if using Lord Mohg to gain entrance to the land of shadow were not enough, he plans to use his corpse as the vessel of his king consort. He has forsaken Lord Mohg's soul. He desires only his empty shell. It beggars belief, but… I'm afraid Tender Miquella fails to grasp the humiliation implied by this act. One thing is certain. My dear lord deserved better.
Righteous Tarnished. You have my gratitude. You have given me the answers I needed. But I can hardly fathom it. Such folly, unto the end. I am a warrior, but I've aged. I cannot afford to act hastily. Curse it all. I know my limits. I could spend the rest of my life honing my craft, and still that creature would be out of my blade's reach.
The absolute folly of it all.
Righteous Tarnished. Could you please give this to Freyja? Thanks to you, she, too, will have the answers she requires. Freyja possesses a youth I no longer have. This knowledge will surely stoke the flames of valor within her. Yes, I can see her barreling into the fray right now... (Gives Letter for Freyja )
Perhaps I shouldn't meddle in her affairs… But this is the only way I can help…
(Pass on Freyja's message) Ha ha ha… I should have expected as much from Freyja! Some things simply never occur to her. Paralyzing fear. True despair.
That's Freyja, through and through.
(On hit) Ungh… What on earth is the matter?
There's no denying it, now. A culling appears to be on the cards. One that won't overlook even an aging soldier as myself…
(On player kill) Righteous Tarnished. You should have taken stock of your limitations.
(On death) I only wanted to play my part… Curse these aging bones...
Speak after attacking
Have you come to your senses? Now, there's no need for any hand-wringing. The way the world is, I'd say it's a wonder people don't lash out more often.
Fighting Leda in Shadow Keep
So, you would cull an old man such as I? You are thorough indeed, Lady Leda. I would expect nothing less. As you surmise, I do have my doubts. And will not simply lay down and die with them.
Assist Ansbach Have you lost your wits? By my troth, you have no such debt to this old man. Though I gladly welcome your decision. Now I might even live to see the morrow… (On victory) Lady Leda, I ask you keep Kindly Miquella in your care.
Have you lost your wits? By my troth, you have no such debt to this old man. Though I gladly welcome your decision. Now I might even live to see the morrow…
(On victory) Lady Leda, I ask you keep Kindly Miquella in your care.
Assist Leda So, you've taken Lady Leda's side. I'm glad she stands with an ally. She tends to overestimate… The burden she might carry alone. (On victory) Well, this is an unexpected victory. It seems I have my uses yet… (On defeat) I've utterly failed you both… Miquella the Kind, Lord Mohg…
So, you've taken Lady Leda's side. I'm glad she stands with an ally. She tends to overestimate… The burden she might carry alone.
(On victory) Well, this is an unexpected victory. It seems I have my uses yet…
(On defeat) I've utterly failed you both… Miquella the Kind, Lord Mohg…
Be summoned to challenge Needle Knight Leda and her allies
I am Ansbach of the Pureblood Knights. I stand with blade loft, blood afire. For the dignity of my lord and master, Mohg.
Righteous Tarnished. It appears that our interests have aligned. A balm upon my soul it is, that we do not meet today as enemies. Now, my blade. Watch closely.
(If Freyja was summoned) Well, good Freyja. It will be my honour to test my blade against a Redmane.
Ha-hah! How readily the sensation returns! The runaway spirit of war!
Lady Leda. Your suspicions were dead-on. In the end, I could not bury the memories. Of Lord Mohg, and our pact of blood.
(Upon defeat) Lord Mohg, your honour… Was my only…
After defeating Leda
Righteous Tarnished. That was an astounding battle, to be sure. Now I suppose this leaves only one. But in truth, I cannot calm my quivering. Challenging a god is no small matter.
(About Thiollier) I am afraid I underestimated the lad. Appearing frail in both body and mind, I presumed he’d be like to stumble upon the field of battle… What a fool I was. He serves another master, but Sir Thiollier performed magnificently. Perhaps he too quivers with anticipation. As do we.
(Ask about Mohg’s death) Oh, something you want to get off your chest? Well, you needn’t worry. It was you, wasn’t it? Who defeated Lord Mohg. … Fear not, I bear no grudge against you. His Eminence was felled in an honourable duel, and such are the risks of seeking Lordship. Besides, what right have I to complain? I blame the enchantment more than anything. Righteous Tarnished. We will have our victory. I swear upon my blood.
§ When Summoned to Fight The Final Boss
(Entering the arena) General Radahn. A pleasure to see you, after all this time. But those remains do not belong to you. Lord Mohg will have his dignity.
(On defeat) Righteous Tarnished. Become our new lord. A lord not for gods, but for men.
Attire of Sir Ansbach. The embroidered crest of the Pureblood Knights has now all but faded away. Slightly enhances Blood Oath and dynastic skills. Ansbach understood that keeping his oath to his old master was not an act of logic, nor would it bear any justice, but it was for these very reasons he was unable to let go.
Incantation of Ansbach, Pureblood Knight.
Produces a bloodflame blade from the side of the hand, then lunges at enemies to cleave through them. Charge to increase the number of slashes.
Markedly different from the finessed swordplay of the dynast, this is an aggressive last resort of an incantation that gave rise to Ansbach's fearsome reputation.
The iron mask of Sir Ansbach, giving the appearance of a quiet, wise, old bearded man. But an old fear lurks beneath, together with the cold, unflinching discipline that once honed his blade, now employed to enhance Blood Oath and dynastic skills.
Signature weapon of the Pureblood Knight Ansbach. A viciously keen and slender scythe made for combat.
The obsidian edge relies not upon trickery to fulfil its violent purpose—only well-honed skill is required to rip and rend through foes, sowing blossoms of red upon the battlefield.
"Ah, there you are. I'm afraid Sir Ansbach will have to be next. He insists that he's nothing but a worn-down, over-the-hill soldier. But in his day, he was the feared commander of the Pureblood Knights, who cleaved open Miquella the Kind with his blood blade."
There is no need for concern. I will be true to my word. Though I do feel a hint of regret. Lady Leda and honourable Ansbach are of a special breed. How glorious it would have been, had we met in battle as sworn enemies.
Thank you. Now I’ve finally cast off my misgivings. Give my regards to honourable Ansbach. Tell him if we should meet in battle, to face your bow would be fine enough, but to face your blade would be an honour.
Thank you, Sir Ansbach. The mere sight of your blade sets my heart aflutter. All the more I yearn to crush it in my grasp!
Sir Ansbach is an NPC introduced in Shadow of the Erdtree . A wizened knight in service to Mohg , Sir Ansbach follows the call of Miquella into the Land of Shadow .
3 Questline Progression
Formerly the feared commander of the Pureblood Knights [ 2 ] in service of Lord Mohg , Ansbach is one of the compatriots of Needle Knight Leda who followed Miquella into the Realm of Shadow . Ansbach has dedicated himself to investigating Miquella's purpose [ 3 ] by following the trail of crosses he left behind. [ 4 ]
As with the rest who followed Miquella into the Shadow Realm , Ansbach was under the influence of a charm, which breaks when the Empyrean abandons his Miquella's Great Rune . [ 5 ] With his mind freed of the charm, Ansbach recalls that he once challenged Miquella in an attempt to free Mohg of his enchantment, which resulted in him falling under the enchantment himself. [ 6 ]
With his faculties restored, Ansbach makes his way to the Specimen Storehouse within the Shadow Keep . There, he learns that Mohg's body has been taken to Miquella, [ 7 ] and with the assistance of the Tarnished discovers that Miquella intends to use Mohg's corpse as a vessel for his king consort. [ 8 ]
Ansbach becomes one of Leda's possible targets, [ 9 ] resulting in a duel which the Tarnished may intervene in on either side. Should Ansbach survive Leda's attack, he will aid the Tarnished against Leda, Dryleaf Dane , and their allies in Enir-Ilim . Ansbach will then be available to assist the Tarnished in their battle against Promised Consort Radahn , before which he admits that he knows the Tarnished was responsible for killing Mohg, but bears no grudge against them, viewing Mohg's death as an honorable one. [ 10 ] After defeating Miquella and his consort, Ansbach dies in front of the Gate of Divinity.
1. Speak with Sir Ansbach at the Main Gate Cross Site of Grace and exhaust his dialogue.
2. Break Miquella's charm.
3. Return to Sir Ansbach at the Main Gate Cross Site of Grace and exhaust his dialogue.
4. Travel to the Shadow Keep to find him near the Storehouse, First Floor Site of Grace. Exhaust his dialogue. From the Site of Grace , head around the massive corpse and up the stairs you see after rounding the corner. Continue forward toward the dead end and take the last left. Forward and to your right is the room Ansbach will stay in.
5. Locate the Secret Rite Scroll and hand it over to Sir Ansbach. Be careful not to give him the scroll until you've talked to him about Freyja's situation, if you wish to continue Freyja's Questline .
6. Continue Needle Knight Leda's questline .
7. Side with Ansbach against Leda to continue his quest, receiving Ansbach's Longbow and Leda's Rune . Leda will remain alive and her questline will continue, though you'll lose out on the Retaliatory Crossed-Tree .
8. Sir Ansbach will be available to summon for the NPC battle in Enir-Ilim.
9. Sir Ansbach will be available to summon for the Final Boss . After the fight, Ansbach's body can be found seated near the arena's entrance, dropping Ansbach's Set , Obsidian Lamina , and Furious Blade of Ansbach .

---

area: Gravesite Plain
chapter: 30
name: Thiollier
Thiollier is a Tarnished NPC in Elden Ring . Thiollier has an eye for crafting poison and is not a fighter. Thiollier is an NPC that can be found exclusively in the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC, and can't be found in the base game.
Oh, hello there. Are you the Tarnished? Lady Leda spoke of you. Another Tarnished guided here by Miquella. My name is Thiollier. I too am Tarnished, and here on Miquella's account. So, well... here's to new beginnings, I suppose.
Thiollier can be found near Pillar Path Cross , southeast of Castle Ensis . [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map here ]. It is the bottom-right cross in the New Cross Map given by Hornsent .
This NPC moves to Garden of Deep Purple in Stone Coffin Fissure : If he is told the whereabouts of St. Trina after discovering her, he will move there after resting at a Site of Grace. If St. Trina is not yet discovered, but the Golden Hippopotamus in Shadow Keep is defeated, the next time Thiollier is talked to he will mention that he is heading south to search for St. Trina. Entering the Church District in Shadow Keep also triggers his search for St. Trina. If the Sealing Tree in Ancient Ruins of Rauh is burned, Thiollier will move to the Garden of Deep Purple on his own.
If he is told the whereabouts of St. Trina after discovering her, he will move there after resting at a Site of Grace.
If St. Trina is not yet discovered, but the Golden Hippopotamus in Shadow Keep is defeated, the next time Thiollier is talked to he will mention that he is heading south to search for St. Trina.
Entering the Church District in Shadow Keep also triggers his search for St. Trina.
If the Sealing Tree in Ancient Ruins of Rauh is burned, Thiollier will move to the Garden of Deep Purple on his own.
Thiollier can be summoned to assist in the Putrescent Knight boss if he journeys south to search for St. Trina.
Thiollier can be summoned to assist in the NPC battle in Enir-Ilim .
Thiollier can be summoned to assist in the final boss in Enir-Ilim .
This merchant can be fought
If defeated, drops: St. Trina's Smile
Speak with Thiollier at the Pillar Path Cross Site of Grace
Break Miquella's charm
Look for St. Trina in the Garden of Deep Purple
Drink and die from St. Trina 's nectar 4 times
Pass on St.Trina's words to Thiollier.
Defeat Thiollier when he invades you
Drink St. Trina 's nectar twice more and speak with Thiollier
(Optional) Summon Thiollier to defeat the NPC allies at Enir-Ili m
(Optional) Summon Thiollier to defeat the final boss
Lockout conditions involving Thiollier: You will need to obtain Thiollier's Concoction before he moves to the Garden of Deep Purple to prevent from locking out from the alternative rewards from the Dragon Communion Priestess 's questline. Moore will also not give the Black Syrup if Thiollier has left his original location. You will need to defeat Thiollier when he invades you in the Garden of Deep Purple BEFORE fighting the NPC allies in Enir-Ilim . Otherwise, he will disappear from St. Trina 's cave, and his questline will end prematurely.
You will need to obtain Thiollier's Concoction before he moves to the Garden of Deep Purple to prevent from locking out from the alternative rewards from the Dragon Communion Priestess 's questline. Moore will also not give the Black Syrup if Thiollier has left his original location.
You will need to defeat Thiollier when he invades you in the Garden of Deep Purple BEFORE fighting the NPC allies in Enir-Ilim . Otherwise, he will disappear from St. Trina 's cave, and his questline will end prematurely.
You do not need to summon him for any of the boss battles to progress his questline, including the NPC brawl at Enir-Ilim. As long as his summon sign is visible at Enir-Ilim, his items can be looted after defeating the final boss .
NOTE: Patch 1.13 increased the stats and status of Thiollier when summoned in some areas.
Thiollier is located by the Pillar Path Cross - Site of Grace [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]. Speak to Thiollier to access him as a merchant. His questline will not progress until Miquella's rune is broken (see below).
(Optional) Meeting Thiollier will trigger additional dialogue from Moore , who will give the Black Syrup the next time he is spoken to, which can then be given to Thiollier to receive Thiollier's Concoction , an item which is used in the Dragon Communion Priestess questline.
When you receive the message, "Somewhere a great rune has been broken. And so too, a powerful charm," it will advance several NPC questlines, including Thiollier's. It will also unlock the Stone Coffin Fissure , which is where you can find St. Trina , an NPC that is directly tied to Thiollier's questline.
To break the great rune:
Enter the Shadow Keep through the front entrance at Messmer's Army Encampment. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
Head past Bonny Village to the eastern part of Scadu Altus . From the Bridge Leading to the Village Site of Grace, continue north. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
After breaking the great rune, you can speak to Thiollier to unlock additional dialogue.
To progress Thiollier's questline you will need to do either one of the following:
Discover St. Trina on your own. She is located at the end of Stone Coffin Fissure in the Garden of Deep Purple [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]. After defeating the Putrescent Knight , you can find St. Trina at the end of the cave surrounded by purple flowers, then go back and talk to Thiollier next to the Pillar Path Cross . Choose the option " Tell him St. Trina's whereabouts ." After doing so, if you fast-travel to the Garden of Deep Purple Site of Grace, Thiollier will be there next to St. Trina.
Let Thiollier search for St. Trina . There are numerous triggers for this to occur: Defeat Golden Hippopotamus in Shadow Keep. Enter the Church District for the first time. Discover the Fissure Depths Site of Grace . Burn the Sealing Tree in Ancient Ruins of Rauh (he will move without player intervention).
Defeat Golden Hippopotamus in Shadow Keep.
Enter the Church District for the first time.
Discover the Fissure Depths Site of Grace .
Burn the Sealing Tree in Ancient Ruins of Rauh (he will move without player intervention).
Going back and speaking to Thiollier; he will mention that he will follow some clues south to search for St. Trina and will leave after resting at a Site of Grace. This will make him available as a summon for the Putrescent Knight boss. After the boss is defeated, he will be found lying next to St. Trina. He does not need to be summoned for the Putrescent Knight boss to progress his questline.
WARNING : Once Thiollier leaves his location in Gravesite Plain, you can no longer obtain nor give the Black Syrup from Moore , and Thiollier's Concoction will no longer be obtainable.
Talk to Thiollier, who is in a lulled state nearby St. Trina in her cave. If you have not done so already, talk to St. Trina and choose the option "Imbibe Nectar" which inflicts immediate death upon drinking. You will need to do this action for 4 times and keep doing it until you hear her voice on the death screen. Drinking her nectar 6 times will exhaust her dialogue. On respawn, talk to Thiollier. Choose the dialogue option " Pass on St. Trina's words ", and then " Try to pass on St. Trina's words again " and this will result in him getting angry.
Afterwards, either rest at the nearby site of grace, or drink and die from St. Trina's nectar once again to trigger Thiollier's invasion.
After defeating Thiollier, he will drop St. Trina's Smile . Talk to Thiollier again in St. Trina's room and exhaust his dialogue. He will now be available as a summon for the NPC battle in Enir-Ilim , as well as for the final boss fight .
At the NPC battle in the cleansing chamber in Enir-Ilim, and at the final boss battle, it is optional to summon Thiollier to progress his quest.
NOTE : If Thiollier is not summoned for the NPC battle, he will not be summonable for the final boss. However, he will still drop his items after the final boss is defeated.
After the final boss is defeated, he will drop all of his equipment. You can get the following items near the entrance:
Thiollier's Hidden Needle
Thiollier's Trousers
Um, I'm sorry…but well, I'm not much good at anything, at all. I'm weak as a kitten and thick as two planks. I've always been this way. I'm proficient in poison. Sorry.
So um, something I can help you with?
Oh, what's this? I have to say, Sir Moore has an awfully sharp eye, doesn't he. It's wonderful. This ebony, as lustrous as the night sky unending. I don't think I could ever thank him enough... But I'll have to think of something...
(Ask about black syrup) Ahh, forgive me. You too deserve your share of the reward. I’ll mix up something special. If you find yourself… weary of the weight of this life, then just give me the word. Sleep is a balm, and eternal sleep… is an elixir.
(I am weary of life) Is that so? Then take this. This concoction can coax even the oldest of dragons to sleep. For you, it will grant the sweetest slumber... ...for all eternity. (Thiollier's Concoction)
After the Great Rune breaks
Oh, umm… Are you not affected? Even with the spell broken? I’m feeling rather lost. Haunted by memories. Of St. Trina. Her visage. Her scent. The lure of velvety sleep. Would Kindly Miquella chasten me? For falling for St. Trina, while knowing that she was the discarded half? The problem is… I simply cannot help it. I would sacrifice everything, just to gaze upon her, one last time.
(Tell him St. Trina's whereabouts) Is this all a plot to make a mockery of me? … Oh, heavens, what am I saying. Forgive me. You deserve my deepest gratitude. I will make the journey. To the southern coast, as you say. To venture into the depths of the fissure.
(If you haven't told him of St. Trina's whereabouts) Umm, oh… I had something I wish to tell you. I’m heading south. I’ve recalled something that Sir Moore said. He discovered deep-purple lilies blooming on the southern shore. That must be where St. Trina was left to wither away.
I’m heading south. To the shore Sir Moore mentioned.
(If told of St.Trina's whereabouts) Ah, hello. Thank you. It was all just as you said. To think, without your guidance, I wouldn’t have seen St. Trina again. I’m drifting off in the sea of her poison. Soon, I will hear her voice. Let me be. I won’t be long.
St. Trina...Oh, St. Trina...What velvety ambrosia is this? Your poison, and the sweet sleep that follows. Oh, please, let me hear your voice...
Ahh, then you, too, must have paid a visit...in St. Trina's garden of deepest purple. I am drifting off in her sea of poison. Soon, I will hear her voice. Let me be, I won't be long.
After imbibing nectar once
Oh, I almost forgot. You mustn’t follow my example. St. Trina’s poison would plunge you into an eternal slumber. It must be me, and only me.
I am gone, adrift in sleep. So that I may hear St. Trina’s lost voice. Let me be. I won’t be long.
After imbibing nectar twice
Why won’t you share your voice with me? Ahh, grant me more of your poison. That I might drift further into sleep. Perhaps then you’ll grace me with your voice?
After exhausting St. Trina's dialogues
Please, leave me alone.
(Pass on St. Trina's words) I'll thank you not to lie to me. I am her chosen, not you. Only I can doze off in the sea of St. Trina. Why would you hear her voice, when I cannot? If you should utter these cruel untruths to me again I...I won't be held responsible for my actions...
(Try to pass on St. Trina's words again) Never utter these cruel untruths to me again...
(Try to pass on St. Trina's words again) Please, enough...I cannot believe your cheek. And I will stand for it no longer!
I will never forgive you.
After being invaded by him
I will never forgive you. For your trespass, you will know my poison...
(On victory) Never utter these untruths again. St. Trina would never say such things.
(On defeat) Why did you mislead me? Such strength, but for what...
After drinking St. Trina's nectar once more
Ah, you… I was no good to anyone, beginning to end. Weak as a kitten and thick as two planks. I suppose dying in disgrace is fitting, in a way… Ha...ha...
Tell me, please... Assuming you spoke the truth back then...What did St. Trina tell you?
(Pass on St. Trina's words) You are a wretched, wretched soul... A nightmare, come to plague me. Such a thing...couldn’t possibly be... Could it? St. Trina. Please, let me hear your voice. In my everlasting slumber.
If summoned against Leda and her allies
I am here to serve St. Trina evermore. I am deeply sorry, for doubting you. I am here to grant St. Trina's singular wish. I will stop Miquella the Kind. He will never become a god.
(If Moore is present in the fight) Sir Moore, I do not wish to fight you. But I have new purpose I must see through.
Not the finest blade, nor the mightiest armour... will spare your life. From the poison of Thiollier.
(On death) You have no understanding. Of Kind Miquella. Of St. Trina's love...
If summoned against Promised Consort Radahn
(On death) Sorry, it's up to you now. Grant St. Trina's one wish.
An ebony-black concoction mixed by Thiollier.
A condensed, somniferous elixir, purported to be capable of putting even an ancient dragon to sleep. For an ordinary mortal, a single sip would assuredly result in swift and certain death.
Thiollier thought of St. Trina's sleep when he created this, but the ebony sleep he concocted had not the sweetness of nectar nor the gentleness of rest's embrace.
An ebony-black syrup held in an unglazed jar. Moore asked that this be delivered to Thiollier. An unknown liquid apparently gathered and aged by the forager brood.
"Thiollier, hmm. It’s true, his devotion to St. Trina is plain to see. I fear his vows to Miquella the Kind are merely secondary. But for this very reason, Thiollier is incapable of betrayal. St. Trina’s love for Kind Miquella is boundless. She is, after all, his other half. Or perhaps her feelings go beyond even that. Even if she was left behind, I doubt her heart would waver."
I am afraid I underestimated the lad. Appearing frail in both body and mind, I presumed he’d be like to stumble upon the field of battle… What a fool I was. He serves another master, but Sir Thiollier performed magnificently. Perhaps he too quivers with anticipation. As do we.
Oh I know, give this to Thiollier. He asked me to find it. I finally found it. Many things, we have found.
My brood is no more. No one comes to visit. Not Lady Leda. Not Father Dane. Not Sir Ansbach. Not Freyja. Not Thiollier. Not the hornsent. Where have they all gone?
I am afraid I underestimated the lad. Appearing frail in both body and mind, I presumed he'd be like to stumble upon the field of battle... What a fool I was.
Thiollier is an NPC merchant in Shadow of the Erdtree .
4 Character information 4.1 Basic info 4.2 Equipment 4.3 Quest items
5 Questline Progression
This isolated young man once met St. Trina [ 1 ] and, just once, Thiollier was granted the sweet repose of velvety sleep . The remainder of his days would be spent attempting to recapture it. [ 2 ]
He seems to be a very adept poison expert, and he is in search of the means to create a unique elixir. He sees himself as utterly weak and useless, apart from his skills in the realm of mixing poisons. [ 1 ]
Can be found by himself, quite some distance from his compatriots, at the Pillar Path Cross Site of Grace on the northeastern border of the Gravesite Plain . [ 1 ]
The Tarnished (Protagonist) can help Thiollier to create the condensed, somniferous elixir , purported to be capable of putting even an ancient dragon to sleep, although fatal for any mortal. [ 3 ]
Should his questline be completed, Thiollier is able to see St. Trina once more.
He wears a mask upon which is carved a tranquil sleeping face. The silver hair is arranged in the same style as St. Trina's, increasing arcane. [ 4 ] Additionally, countless needles are sewn onto the exterior, apparently for talismanic effect. [ 5 ]
WARNING: Coming too close to the entrance of the Shadow Keep will lock you out of the first step of his quest and you will miss the Spirit Ash of another character .
Pillar Path Cross Site of Grace Find Thiollier at the Pillar Path Cross Site. Go to speak with Moore , exhausting his dialogue until he hands you the Black Syrup . Find Thiollier again and hand him the Black Syrup, then exhaust his dialogue. He will give you Thiollier's Concoction . When you get in close proximity to the Shadow Keep , a crucial event for most NPC's will trigger, advancing Thiollier's questline. This will advance most NPCs, so proceed with any you have interest in before approaching the Keep.
Find Thiollier at the Pillar Path Cross Site.
Go to speak with Moore , exhausting his dialogue until he hands you the Black Syrup .
Find Thiollier again and hand him the Black Syrup, then exhaust his dialogue. He will give you Thiollier's Concoction .
When you get in close proximity to the Shadow Keep , a crucial event for most NPC's will trigger, advancing Thiollier's questline. This will advance most NPCs, so proceed with any you have interest in before approaching the Keep.
This will advance most NPCs, so proceed with any you have interest in before approaching the Keep.
Stone Coffin Fissure Make your way to the southernmost point of the Cerulean Coast where you'll find a pit. When facing south towards the pit, venture to the right side and there will be steps for you to enter. Follow the given path and you'll come across the Stone Coffin Fissure . Proceed through the Legacy Dungeon and beat the boss, the Putrescent Knight . In the corner of the arena you'll find both the Garden of Deep Purple Site of Grace and St. Trina . There are multiple ways to have Thiollier advance to St. Trina: You can Inform him about St. Trina's location if you meet her and then talk to Thiollier. Alternatively Thiollier will inform you that he is seeking her out if you do any of the following and return to him: Defeat the Golden Hippopotamus in the Shadow Keep. Enter the Church District. Discover the Fissure Depths Grace. However, Thiollier will advance on his own if you burn the Sealing Tree in the Ancient Ruins of Rauh . Beyond the Garden of Deep Purple Grace, Exhaust Thiollier's Dialogue and then reset the area using the nearby Grace. Return and Thiollier will have new dialogue, exhaust it again and then at St. Trina. choose to imbibe her nectar. This step must be repeated 4 times for St. Trina to speak to you. You can try to pass on the words of St. Trina to Thiollier from then on. Thiollier will speak during this process, hinting the player to continue imbibing St. Trina's nectar (after 3 deaths due to imbibing). Talk to Thiollier, passing on the words of St. Trina. He will initially refuse to believe you, continue talking to him and attempt to convey her words again. After, continue to exhaust his dialogue. After this, return to the Grace. Here you will immediately be invaded by Thiollier. Defeat him and enter St. Trina's garden. Speak to the now defeated Thiollier and tell him of what St. Trina has said and exhaust his dialogue. If you can't talk to him, ensure you have heard St. Trina speak 3 times, by imbibing her nectar 6 times.
Make your way to the southernmost point of the Cerulean Coast where you'll find a pit. When facing south towards the pit, venture to the right side and there will be steps for you to enter. Follow the given path and you'll come across the Stone Coffin Fissure .
Proceed through the Legacy Dungeon and beat the boss, the Putrescent Knight . In the corner of the arena you'll find both the Garden of Deep Purple Site of Grace and St. Trina . There are multiple ways to have Thiollier advance to St. Trina: You can Inform him about St. Trina's location if you meet her and then talk to Thiollier. Alternatively Thiollier will inform you that he is seeking her out if you do any of the following and return to him: Defeat the Golden Hippopotamus in the Shadow Keep. Enter the Church District. Discover the Fissure Depths Grace. However, Thiollier will advance on his own if you burn the Sealing Tree in the Ancient Ruins of Rauh .
There are multiple ways to have Thiollier advance to St. Trina: You can Inform him about St. Trina's location if you meet her and then talk to Thiollier. Alternatively Thiollier will inform you that he is seeking her out if you do any of the following and return to him: Defeat the Golden Hippopotamus in the Shadow Keep. Enter the Church District. Discover the Fissure Depths Grace. However, Thiollier will advance on hi

---

area: Gravesite Plain
chapter: 30
name: Moore
Moore is an NPC in Elden Ring . Moore is one of the followers of Miquella and is a gentle giant that also acts as a Merchant . Moore is an NPC exclusive to the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC and does not appear in the base game.
Hello there. Together, we work. Together for Miquella the Kind. Many things we have found.
Moore can be found at a small camp located just outside Belurat, Tower Settlement .  [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
This NPC moves beside the Forager Brood Cookbook (4) north of the Church of the Crusade if he dies when he invades you, or when you tell him to " Remain sad forever " during a dialogue encounter with him after Miquella's rune breaks.
You can fight this NPC in the NPC group battle in Enir-Ilim . Moore's Bell Bearing , Verdigris Greatshield , and Verdigris Set can be looted from his corpse afterwards.
Meet Moore outside Belurat, Tower Settlement
Speak with Moore after breaking Miquella's charm
Lockout conditions for Moore's quest: If you kill any two of the passive Lesser Kindred of Rot (pests) you will be invaded by Moore. If you kill him, you will lose Moore, and possibly lock you out of his key items, such as the Black Syrup , if it has not already been obtained. If Thiollier leaves his original location to search for St. Trina , Moore will not give the Black Syrup anymore, making it unobtainable in the current NG cycle.
If you kill any two of the passive Lesser Kindred of Rot (pests) you will be invaded by Moore. If you kill him, you will lose Moore, and possibly lock you out of his key items, such as the Black Syrup , if it has not already been obtained.
If Thiollier leaves his original location to search for St. Trina , Moore will not give the Black Syrup anymore, making it unobtainable in the current NG cycle.
To maximize the rewards players get in completing Moore's quest, we recommend you obtain the Forager Cookbooks and the Black Syrup , then have him invade you by killing a few Lesser Kindred of Rot (Pests) to acquire his equipment earlier and exclude him from the fight in Enir-Ilim .
When defeated in his invasion "Recusant Vanquished" is displayed, but this is most likely an error as Moore has no other connection to the Volcano Manor .
Bears a striking resemblance to Siegmeyer of Catarina of Dark Souls and Lonesome Gavlan of Dark Souls 2.
You'll first encounter Moore and Sir Ansbach at the Main Gate Cross Site of Grace, near Belurat Tower Settlement . Speak to Moore to access him as a merchant. After purchasing any item from him, you can speak with him further. Meeting Moore will also unlock additional dialogue from Sir Ansbach.
(Optional) Visit Thiollier at the Pillar Path Cross Site of Grace to meet him and unlock dialogue with Moore. Return to Moore, who will give the Black Syrup to take back to Thiollier. NOTE : You must complete this step before either Moore or Thiollier leaves their initial locations, or you will be unable to obtain the Black Syrup.
Moore leads the Forager Brood , a group of friendly Pests searching for crafting materials and recipes across the Land of Shadow . Interact with all six members to collect their cookbooks. One member will need help with a Warming Stone or Sunwarmth Stone . After assisting this member, speak to Moore to receive the seventh cookbook.
NOTE : If you break Miquella's charm and then tell Moore to " Put it behind you ," " Remain sad forever ," or kill him before collecting all seven Forager Brood Cookbooks, you will lose access to any remaining cookbooks.
The following Forager Brood Cookbooks are available:
If the player kills a friendly Lesser Kindred of Rot , they will receive a warning the next time that Moore speaks to them, mentioning that he knows a forager brood was killed, and that killing one is unforgivable. This warning dialogue will not be given if Miquella's rune has been broken. If the player kills a second friendly Pest, Moore will immediately invade and try to kill them.
If you kill Moore when he invades: he will drop Moore's Bell Bearing , Verdigris Greatshield , and Verdigris Set and his quest will end. This will make a later boss fight easier, but possibly lock you out from receiving the Black Syrup if not already obtained from Moore.
If you ignore Moore or die to him when he invades: He will remain friendly, as though you didn't attack the Pest at all.
Breaking Miquella's charm will prompt Moore to ask, "Must we be sad forever?" You have three options:
" Put it behind you" : Moore will move on and confront you in a later boss fight. This choice may lock you out of the Forager Brood Cookbooks or Black Syrup if you haven’t obtained them yet and delay acquiring Moore's gear. NOTE : If you've met Thiollier but haven’t received the Black Syrup, speak to Moore immediately after this choice to obtain it.
" Remain sad forever" : Moore will fall deeper into despair and die after your next rest. You’ll find his body outside the Church of the Crusade , near the fourth Forager Brood Pest, where you can loot Moore's Bell Bearing , Verdigris Greatshield , and the Verdigris Set . This choice may also lock you out of the Forager Brood Cookbooks or Black Syrup if you haven’t received them yet, but it will make a later boss fight easier.
" I don't know" : Moore will remain where he is, allowing you to choose another option later. This is recommended until you have all the Forager Brood Cookbooks and Black Syrup.
If you burn the Sealing Tree without making a choice : Moore will remain where he is, making a later boss fight easier. You can still acquire the Verdigris Greatshield and the Verdigris Set by killing two Forager Brood and defeating Moore during his invasion. Moore's Bell Bearing will be available at the Main Gate Cross Site of Grace. NOTE : Once the Sealing Tree is burned, Thiollier will move to the Garden of Deep Purple if he hasn’t already, and you will be unable to give him the Black Syrup.
If you told Moore to "Put it behind you", he will fight against you in the NPC battle in Enir-Ilim (after the Cleansing Chamber Anteroom Site of Grace). After winning that fight, you'll be able to loot Moore's Bell Bearing , Verdigris Greatshield , and Verdigris Set from his corpse in the same room.
I like finding things. For you, Lady Leda, her allies, and the forager brood. Things bring joy to all.
Welcome… You come often. You enjoy things. I like finding things. I like you.
After helping a forager brood
Oh, I know. This is for you. The forager brood give their thanks.
After Meeting Thiollier
(Talk to Moore) Oh I know, give this to Thiollier. He asked me to find it. I finally found it. Many things, we have found. (Gives Black Syrup )
After the Great Rune breaks
I don’t feel it. It’s broken. Kind Miquella’s light is gone. But I stand tall. Together, we work. Together, for Miquella the Kind.
(Talk to Moore) I don’t know what to do. Our mother abandoned her brood. She did not love us. We are her children, what should we do? Must we be sad forever? (Put it behind you) Hm. Maybe that’s Kindly Miquella’s love. Love for all the unloved. Love, to banish the pain. (Remain sad forever) Hmm. Sad, forever. Sad, forever and ever. (I don't know) Mm. I don’t know either.
(Put it behind you) Hm. Maybe that’s Kindly Miquella’s love. Love for all the unloved. Love, to banish the pain.
(Remain sad forever) Hmm. Sad, forever. Sad, forever and ever.
(I don't know) Mm. I don’t know either.
If 'Put it behind you' was chosen
Yes. The unloved, every single one of us… can banish our pain forever.
Be summoned to challenge Needle Knight Leda and her allies
You and I, fighting. A tragedy, this is.
Miquella the Kind… will help us forget.
(On player kill) One day, you will forget. The guidance...
(On defeat) Sad, forever?
If 'I don't know' was chosen
(After defeating Messmer) I don’t know how to be. Still, I have my brood. I enjoy foraging. It is enough.
(After defeating the final boss) My brood is no more. No one comes to visit. Not Lady Leda. Not Father Dane. Not Sir Ansbach. Not Freyja. Not Thiollier. Not the hornsent. Where have they all gone?
Thank you. No one comes to visit. Except you.
After the killing a forager brood
One of the forager brood was killed. This thing, is a tragedy. This thing, cannot be forgiven.
Invading, in response to the second killing of a forager brood
You hurt one of the forager brood. This thing, cannot be forgiven .
(On player kill) You are no friend. A tragedy, this is .
(On defeat) Sad, forever? Brood always bad?
Chest armor made from an unusual metal known as verdigris. Verdigris is said to be the gift of an outer god.
Possessed of an enormously hefty yet supple strength thanks to its rusted nature.
Greatshield made of the unusual metal known as verdigris. Boasts greater guard capacity than damage negation.
To the extent that the shield will continue to protect its target even if its bearer should die.
A record of crafting techniques left by the non-human forager brood.
Shared out of kindness toward Moore and his kin.
Shared out of kindness toward their savior, whose name was unknown.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following: - Spirit Raisin - Charming Branch
A discus made of verdigris, the corroded metal known for its heft.
Raises defense with higher equipment load.
Great weight makes for great strength. The strength to protect others.
Craftable item prepared using a capacious cracked pot. A cocktail of rotten materials is sealed inside.
Throw at enemies to cause a large buildup of scarlet rot.
Rot is one of the divine elements of the outer gods, and eats away at life like a vicious plague.
Oh, you must mean Sir Moore. Sir Moores is a kind and stalwart ally. He provisions our little outfit. Sir Moore traffics with the forager brood. His brethren who collect supplies from all corners of the land. No doubt they find inspiration in his many virtues. These are not your foes, Tarnished. Should you spot any forager brood, be sure to mind your manners.
Oh, what's this? I have to say, Sir Moore has an awfully sharp eye, doesn't he. It's wonderful. This ebony, as lustrous as the night sky unending. I don't think I could ever thank him enough... But I'll have to think of something...
Umm, oh… I had something I wish to tell you. I’m heading south. I’ve recalled something that Sir Moore said. He discovered deep-purple lilies blooming on the southern shore. That must be where St. Trina was left to wither away.
Sir Moore is a merchant NPC in Shadow of the Erdtree .
He likes collecting things and will share and sell goods with the Tarnished and the other followers of Miquella . He is initially located at the Main Gate Cross Site of Grace outside Belurat, Tower Settlement in the Realm of Shadow .
2 Character information 2.1 Equipment 2.2 Shop inventory
3 Quest progression 3.1 Quest items
Moore was once a pest who awaited the return of the goddess of the Scarlet Rot . [ 1 ] When her successor, Malenia , disowned and abandoned the pests, Moore and his forager brood were left without a master. He and his kin later allied with Miquella and joined his followers . The brood shared their scavenged items with Moore and his comrades out of kindness. [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Main Gate Cross , Gravesite Plain Talk to Moore
Shadow Keep , Scadu Altus Miquella's Great Rune breaks
Miquella's Great Rune breaks
Main Gate Cross , Gravesite Plain Talk to Moore to decide his fate
Talk to Moore to decide his fate
Church of the Crusade or Enir-Ilim Defeat Moore
Pillar Path Cross , Gravesite Plain Talk to Thiollier
Main Gate Cross , Gravesite Plain Talk to Moore to receive Black Syrup
Talk to Moore to receive Black Syrup
Realm of Shadow Talk to 5 Forager Brood to receive Forager Brood Cookbook 1 -3, 5, 6
Talk to 5 Forager Brood to receive Forager Brood Cookbook 1 -3, 5, 6
Church of the Crusade , Scadu Altus Use a Sunwarmth Stone on the Forager Brood Rest and return to receive Forager Brood Cookbook 4
Use a Sunwarmth Stone on the Forager Brood
Rest and return to receive Forager Brood Cookbook 4
Main Gate Cross , Gravesite Plain Talk to Moore to receive Forager Brood Cookbook 7
Talk to Moore to receive Forager Brood Cookbook 7
Moore had a keen eye for spotting items of value. [ 4 ]
Moore discovered the Garden of Deep Purple on the Southern Shore . [ 5 ]
Moore and Thiollier were friends. [ 6 ]
Moore fights with Hefty Rot Pots and a Verdigris Greatshield . [ 7 ]
Moore sought strength to protect others. [ 8 ]
Moore wears armor forged from verdigris , [ 9 ] a corroded metal rumored to be the gift of an outer god . [ 10 ]
Moore will become hostile if the player attacks his forager brood . [ 11 ]

---

area: Gravesite Plain
chapter: 30
name: Hornsent
Hornsent is an NPC in Elden Ring . Hornsent can be found alongside Freyja at the Three-Path Cross in Gravesite Plain. He is exclusive to the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC, and can't be found in the base game. The Hornsent are a race of inhabitants from the Realm of Shadow who were purged by Messmer the Impaler , and this individual swears vengeance upon him.
Your kind are not forgiven. The Erdtree is my people's enemy. By Marika long betray'd, set aflame."
Hornsent can be found at the Three-Path Cross in Gravesite Plain.
This NPC moves nearby the Highroad Cross Site of Grace after entering Scadu Altus. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]
Hornsent can be summoned for the Golden Hippopotamus boss in Shadow Keep . [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]
Hornsent can be summoned for the Messmer the Impaler boss in Shadow Keep . His summon sign is in the boss arena. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]
You can fight this NPC depending on your decisions during his questline: As a cooperator if choosing to aid Needle Knight Leda in Shadow Keep. In an invasion outside Romina, Saint of the Bud's arena [ Map Link ] In the NPC battle in Enir-Ilim . Drops Falx and Hornsent Set .
As a cooperator if choosing to aid Needle Knight Leda in Shadow Keep.
In an invasion outside Romina, Saint of the Bud's arena [ Map Link ]
In the NPC battle in Enir-Ilim .
Drops Falx and Hornsent Set .
Speak with Hornsent by the Three-Path Cross Site of Grace
Speak with Hornsent at the Highroad Cross Site of Grace
Break Miquella's charm
Speak with Hornsent after the charm is broken
Help Leda decide who she should go after
Assist Hornsent to fight against Leda Optional, can skip both fights
Optional, can skip both fights
Summon Hornsent to fight against Messmer, The Impaler He does not have to survive the fight in order to progress.
He does not have to survive the fight in order to progress.
Speak with Hornsent in the boss room Note: if you do not summon Hornsent, and rest a second time before speaking to him in the boss room, he will move to the Highroad Cross site of grace without the player experiencing his dialogue there.
Note: if you do not summon Hornsent, and rest a second time before speaking to him in the boss room, he will move to the Highroad Cross site of grace without the player experiencing his dialogue there.
Defeat Hornsent during his invasion.
Lockout conditions involving Hornsent: When you enter Messmer the Impaler's boss room for the first time (next to the Dark Chamber Site of Grace), his and Leda's summon sign will be removed from Shadow Keep and you will be locked out of the reward for participating in that part of his quest (either the Lacerating Crossed-Tree Talisman or the Swift Slash Ash of War ).
When you enter Messmer the Impaler's boss room for the first time (next to the Dark Chamber Site of Grace), his and Leda's summon sign will be removed from Shadow Keep and you will be locked out of the reward for participating in that part of his quest (either the Lacerating Crossed-Tree Talisman or the Swift Slash Ash of War ).
Hornsent is located at the Three-Path Cross Site of Grace [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ], you will see Redmane Freyja there as well. After speaking to him, he will give you the Cross Map , which is a diagram depicting the location of three of Miquella's Crosses . Finding the crosses is not mandatory for Hornsent's questline, but finding certain ones will unlock additional dialogue with Sir Ansbach, and they also contain valuable items such as Scadutree Fragments so it is worth it to find them.
(Optional) If you have defeated the Divine Beast Dancing Lion you can speak with the Hornsent Grandam with the Divine Beast Head equipped to obtain the Scorpion Stew . Returning to Hornsent and giving him the stew will grant you x3 Furnace Visage . You will only be able to give him one Scorpion Stew. This can be done even after he moves to Scadu Altus.
Hornsent will move to the Highroad Cross Site of Grace once you enter Scadu Altus for the first time [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ].
Speak with Hornsent and he will provide you with the New Cross Map to discover four more of Miquella's Crosses . Exhaust his dialogue to learn more about Miquella 's intentions.
To progress Hornsent's questline, Miquella's rune must be broken. After doing so, a message will display, "Somewhere a great rune has been broken. And so too, a powerful charm." To break the great rune:
Enter the Shadow Keep front entrance, through Messmer's Army Encampment. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]
Head past the Bonny Village to the eastern part of Scadu Altus , from the Bridge Leading to the Village Site of Grace continue heading north. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]
After Miquella's great rune is broken, head back to Hornsent at the Highroad Cross Site of Grace to unlock new dialogue with him. Exhaust his dialogue, which will trigger him moving to Shadow Keep.
At the Shadow Keep Main Gate Site of Grace, you will be able to summon Hornsent to assist you in fighting against the Golden Hippopotamus .
NOTE (1) : It is not possible to get all the unique items from this part of Hornsent's questline in a single playthrough. You will need a minimum of two playthroughs to acquire all items.
NOTE (2) : This part of Hornsent's questline must be done before entering Messmer the Impaler 's room from the Dark Chamber Site of Grace, otherwise the summon signs will disappear. Be careful!
Speak with Needle Knight Leda once the great rune is broken. She will ask you who whether she should go after Thiollier or Hornsent. No matter what you suggest, Leda will decide to go after Hornsent in the end. This will cause two summon signs to appear in Shadow Keep.
Just before the elevator to the Storehouse, First Floor Site of Grace in Shadow Keep (also reached by continuing up for a while from the Main Gate Plaza Site of Grace), on the battlements with the the burning boats you will find two summon signs. They'll be in the south, near a set of stairs.
If you help Leda ( the red summon ): You will kill Hornsent, ending his questline there. You will be rewarded with Falx , Hornsent's Set , and (after speaking to Leda again at the Highroad Cross Site of Grace) Lacerating Crossed-Tree . This will lock you out of getting Ash of War: Swift Slash , it will make a later boss fight easier, and it will prevent Hornsent from assisting you against Messmer, the Impaler .
If you help Hornsent ( the gold summon ): Hornsent's questline will continue, and your next encounter with Leda will be in Enir-Ilim . You will be rewarded with Ash of War: Swift Slash and Leda's Rune . This will lock you out of getting Lacerating Crossed-Tree , Retaliatory Crossed-Tree , and Ansbach's Longbow .
If you help neither : Eventually, Hornsent's and Leda's questlines will both continue. This will lock you out of getting Lacerating Crossed-Tree and Ash of War: Swift Slash .
Continue exploring Shadow Keep until you encounter Messmer, the Impaler , nearby the Dark Chamber Site of Grace. Hornsent's summon sign will be in the boss arena and you can choose whether or not to summon him for this fight.
If you summon Hornsent : He will swear vengeance on all Marika 's family. You can get more dialog either in Messmer's boss room or at the Highroad Cross Site of Grace. This won't lock you out of any items, but it will make a later boss fight easier and unlock Hornsent's NPC invasion in the Ancient Ruins of Rauh .
If you do not summon Hornsent : He will sink into despair, and you will next see him in Enir-Ilim . This won't lock you out of any items, but it will make a later boss fight more difficult and prevent Hornsent's NPC invasion in Ancient Ruins of Rauh .
NOTE : Hornsent does not need to survive when summoned to continue his questline.
If you summoned Hornsent to help defeat Messmer, the Impaler and exhausted his dialog, he will invade you at the top of the staircase near the Church of the Bud, Main Entrance Site of Grace. When you defeat him, he will drop Falx , Hornsent Set , and Soiled Loincloth . [ Map Link ]
If Hornsent is not killed throughout his quest, and if he is not summoned to assist you against Messmer, he will fight against you in the NPC battle in Enir-Ilim . After the battle, you'll be able to loot Falx , Hornsent Set , and Soiled Loincloth from his corpse.
Fie, another? Treading the heels of Miquella? Then, as that woman would surely say, we are in our purposes well aligned. But understand. Your kind are not forgiven. The Erdtree is my people's enemy. By Marika long betray'd, set aflame. I believe Miquella's apologies, when he says our delivery will come. But never will I see your kind as worthy.
And yet my oath I cannot overlook. If Miquella it is whom you would seek, then comrade, allow me to give you this. These are the sites of the crosses I've found.
I urge you, follow after Miquella. As long as you abide by his footfalls, you will be no enemy to me. (gives Cross Map )
Giving Scorpion Stew
What’s this? Do you think me in need of alms? Ah, but this dish... Tis fare o' the tower. I remember fondly this kin-clad scent. ...Brings back memories I'd all but forgot. This, by my troth, is but a dismal copy. Indeed, I think it rather plain to see... Things once broken can never be the same...
Look. Take this for your troubles, won't you? I desire not to be in your debt. (Gives x3 Furnace Visage )
Giving Additional Scorpion Stew
I’ve had my fill… Indeed, I have no wish… to wax nostalgic ‘bout days gone by… Nor do I yearn to friendship kindle…
Meeting at Highroad Cross Site of Grace
You have a knack for timing, my fellow. I’ve found the site of a new cross. Take this. (Gives New Cross Map )
Miquella has said as much himself – he wishes now to throw it all away. He says the act – though undoubtedly painful – will sear clean the Erdtree’s wanton sin. The truth of his claim can be found at each cross. Tis evidence enough to earn my belief.
Go to the misshapen tree of umbra. In that forsaken place, blood must spill – the blood of your fellows, the Erdtree faithful.
After the Great Rune is broken
(If you haven’t met yet) Fie, another? Treading the heels of Miquella? A brazen fellow you must surely be, to loose your tongue to a stranger as I.
(If you have met) Intriguing. What remains there to be said?
Do you presume us allies, even now? Though Miquella’s spell is newly broken? I must profess, the spell mattered little. Uphold his covenant Miquella shall, and in godhood redeem our rueful clan. Then Marika, and vilest Erdtree both, will at last be from divinity wrench’d. And surely I ...contented I will be.
But first, clear sounds the call of vengeance. The impaler, Messmer, must pay his due. In vengeance for the flames, my blade I wield… How could I allow myself to forget? Revenge alone assures me peace of mind.
Think not to hinder me upon my path. Lest you too wish to face the reckoning.
Fighting Leda in Shadow Keep
In the end, I knew this day would come. The nature of your kind, I am certain, will always show itself, given time. Interfere not with my business, zealot.
Assisting Leda So, your mongrel blood shows through at last. I was a fool to expect more of you. Small wonder Miquella employed his spells. (On player kill): Do not interfere – this is my revenge. (On defeat): Apologies… O Mother, wife, and… chil…
So, your mongrel blood shows through at last. I was a fool to expect more of you. Small wonder Miquella employed his spells.
(On player kill): Do not interfere – this is my revenge.
(On defeat): Apologies… O Mother, wife, and… chil…
Assisting Hornsent What could your purpose possibly be? I do not recollect begging for help. (On victory) Do not interfere. I ask you stay back – this is my revenge.
What could your purpose possibly be? I do not recollect begging for help.
(On victory) Do not interfere. I ask you stay back – this is my revenge.
When summoned against Messmer, the Impaler
Messmer! Foe of my beloved people! In vengeance for the flames, my blade I wield!
(On victory) Have I made it known accursed Messmer? My clan’s suffering? Their pain? All that they felt? Do you understand now, your ugliness? Aaaaaargh!
After defeating Messmer, if Hornsent was summoned during the fight
We meet again I see, comrade-in-arms. Upon his end, did you see Messmer's face? Twas sublime - a very tangle of snakes! To think he dared to call us savages. When he himself was most base of all. Ha ha ha ha!
To say the least, I am to you indebted. Yet unquenched remains my thirst for revenge. The death of Messmer was merely the start. Now comes the piper to collect from Marika, her offspring, and all the Erdtree's denizens... In vengeance for the flames, my blade I wield... If Miquella's redemption soothes the ache...that throbs within, demanding blessed vengeance... Then I wish not to be by him redeemed.
After defeating Messmer, if Hornsent was not summoned during the fight
What cruelty's this… who would rob me of my one vital purpose? Am I so feeble, witless,, dull of blade… That vengeance was never to have been mine?
O mother, O most cherished wife and child. It seems vengeance was not mine to enact. Where now should I point my tired blade...
If allied with Needle Knight Leda
Tis just as the woman said it would be. Lord of the Erdtree, Lord of Marika… You too deserve to face the reckoning.
(On player kill) Your lord is slain. And you are next, Marika.
(On defeat) O Miquella… Please… redeem our… clan...
Scorpion simmered in a black soup. Traditional meal of the hornsent.
Boosts physical damage negation temporarily and gradually restores HP.
Once made with love by a certain elderly woman for the family table. Having long gone cold, this soup gives off a rank, sour smell.
Grotesque mask constructed from countless solidified caterpillars. A ritual implement of the greater potentates of Bonny Village.
Used to ward off thoughts of impurity, doubt, temptation, and other wickednesses one is vulnerable to while absorbed in divine ritual.
Ragged black cloth overlaid with braided cord. Attire of a vengeance-seeking hornsent. The braided cord ties together the vow of the revenger with the victims' grudges.
It must never come undone. Enhances both watchful spirits and the vengeful spirits summoned by horned bairns.
Curved swords with long, sickle-like blades. A pair of weapons made to be wielded in both hands. Forged by a hornsent in the name of revenge.
"In vengeance for the flames, my blade I wield..."
A simple map drafted by a hornsent. Recently revised. Reveals the locations of newly-discovered golden crosses.
The crosses are akin to Miquella's footprints. Or gravestones, which mark what he has left behind.
A smaller imitation of the furnace golem's visage. Material used for crafting items. Exceedingly rare to find.
A stone mask surrounded by curled horns, depicting the fell god of fire that haunts the sagas of the hornsent.
Wondering about the hornsent, are you? True enough, in any other circumstance he’d be at our throats… Long ago, Queen Marika commanded Sir Messmer to purge the tower folk. A cleansing by fire. It’s no wonder the hornsent holds the Erdtree in contempt. That aside, man is by nature a creature of conquest. And in this regard, the tower folk are no different. They were never saints. They just happened to be on the losing side of a war. But it’s still a wretched shame.
I believe the hornsent suspects what I have in mind. He never placed his full trust in me, even under the effect of Kindly Miquella’s spell. He must’ve recognized something. The scent of the killer that slept within me. The stench of crusted blood.
Worthy hornsent. I will dispose of you. Before your thirst for revenge beckons our undoing. I can no longer trust your word.
He's one of the tower's hornsent. I can only assume he fights for his own reasons, and carries his own burdens. But we needn't concern ourselves with his affairs. He, too, was charmed by Kindly Miquella, and guided here. And that makes us allies.
Ev'ryone...burned to cinders...burned away. Put to the torch... by Messmer... and his lot What did we do to deserve such a fate? We merely lived our lives... We lived in peace...
I know... All your resentment lingers yet... The raw stuff from which I shall surely forge a curse. Upon the dastard Messmer's head. Upon Marika's children each and all.
Hornsent Grandam - A withered old woman in Belurat, Tower Settlement
Hornsent - A revenge-obsessed warrior who is a Follower of Miquella
Hornsent - A Crucible -worshipping civilization that was destroyed by Messmer the Impaler

---

area: Gravesite Plain
chapter: 30
name: Freyja
Redmane Freyja is an NPC in Elden Ring . Redmane Freyja is a former follower of Radahn , but is now a fervent follower of Miquella . She is an NPC that can be found exclusively in the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC, and can't be encountered in the base game.
See Redmane Freyja Lore
Lady Leda spoke of you. You're that Tarnished, guided here by Kindly Miquella. Weren't we all. I am Redmane Freyja. I once fought alongside Radahn. I'll hold my own in battle.
Redmane Freyja can be found for the first time at the Three-Path Cross in the Realm of the Shadow [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]
This NPC moves to the Shadow Keep - Storehouse, Seventh Floor Site of Grace [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]
This NPC moves to the Cleansing Chamber Anteroom of Enir-Ilim .
Redmane Freyja can be summoned as an ally to fight the Divine Beast Dancing Lion , Rugalea the Great Red Bear , and the Golden Hippopotamus .
You can fight this NPC in the NPC allies battle in Enir-Ilim , after which Freyja's Greatsword and Freyja's Set can be looted from her corpse
Speak with Redmane Freyja at the Three-Path Cross Site of Grace .
Speak with Freyja after defeating the Divine Beast.
Break Miquella's charm.
Speak to Freyja and exhaust her dialogues at the Three-Path Cross Site of Grace.
Look for Freyja in the Seventh Floor Storehouse.
Obtain the Secret Rite Scroll .
Tell Sir Ansbach about Freyja in the First Floor Storehouse
Acquire the Letter for Freyja from Sir Ansbach.
Give the letter to Freyja and exhaust her dialogue to receive the Golden Lion Shield .
Fight the NPC allies in Enir-Ilim .
Lockout conditions for Redmane Freyja's Quest: Giving Sir Ansbach the Secret Rite Scroll before learning about Freyja's decision will potentially lock you out of Freyja's questline, unless you side with Needle Knight Leda during her invasion, after which Letter for Freyja will be dropped as part of his loot. Not giving Freyja the Letter for Freyja will exclude her from the fight in Enir-Ilim . Freyja will disappear from her spot at the Storehouse, Seventh Floor site and she will leave the Golden Lion Shield for players to loot.
Giving Sir Ansbach the Secret Rite Scroll before learning about Freyja's decision will potentially lock you out of Freyja's questline, unless you side with Needle Knight Leda during her invasion, after which Letter for Freyja will be dropped as part of his loot.
Not giving Freyja the Letter for Freyja will exclude her from the fight in Enir-Ilim . Freyja will disappear from her spot at the Storehouse, Seventh Floor site and she will leave the Golden Lion Shield for players to loot.
Can be killed after obtaining the Golden Lion Shield and still drops the rest of her equipment. This will exclude her from the fight in Enir-Ilim.
Redmane Freyja is located at the Three-Path Cross, north of the Gravesite Plain Site of Grace [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]. She will recognize you as the Tarnished, introduce herself, and mention Hornsent , who will give you the Cross Map , which is a map of Miquella's Crosses .
(Optional) You can unlock additional dialogue by heading to the Belurat Tower Settlement [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]. Here, Freyja can be summoned to help you defeat the Divine Beast Dancing Lion . After the battle, return to Freyja at the Three-Path Cross [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ] to talk about Hornsent and learn more about her past as a Redmane. Additionally, she can be summoned to help defeat Rugalea the Great Red Bear for this dialogue before she advances to the Shadow Keep .
To progress Freyja's questline, Miquella's rune must be broken. After doing so you will receive the message "Somewhere a great rune has been broken. And so too, a powerful charm." To break the great rune:
Enter the Shadow Keep front entrance, through Messmer's Army Encampment. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]
From the Bonny Village , head east to Scadu Altus , then proceed north from the Bridge Leading to the Village Site of Grace [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ].
After breaking the great rune, return to Freyja at the Three-Path Cross and exhaust her dialogue. She will now move to Shadow Keep .
When you enter Shadow Keep through the Main Gate, you will encounter the Golden Hippopotamus [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ] boss fight, and you will be able to summon Redmane Freyja to assist you in this fight.
Once the Golden Hippopotamus has been defeated, you will find Redmane Freyja again at the Shadow Keep , on the Storehouse, Seventh Floor of the Specmien Storehouse [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]. You will find her crouched low and attempting to read scriptures off a stone. Talk to her to learn that she needs help from Sir Ansbach and will not say anything new to you if you keep trying to talk to her. Then, speak with Sir Ansbach on the Storehouse, First Floor [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ].
In order to receive the Letter to Freyja from Sir Ansbach, speak to Ansbach about Freyja and exhaust all his dialogues, then you should give the Secret Rite Scroll to him. The scroll can be found at the Storehouse, Fourth Floor on a desk behind some tall bookshelves [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ]. Rest at the Site of Grace and return to him to receive the letter, report back to him after you have given the letter to Freyja.
NOTE : If you give the Secret Rite Scroll to Ansbach first before telling him about Freyja, he will leave if you rest at a Site of Grace or travel somewhere else, locking you out of progressing Freyja's questline further. However , if you aid Needle Knight Leda against Ansbach during her questline, and he already left the location due to the scroll, he will drop the letter as part of his loot, allowing you to still progress Freyja's questline.
Now once you have the letter, your choice will be the determining factor of either progressing her questline or not. If you decide to give the letter (which we recommend to maximize the rewards you get for Freyja's questline), return to the Storehouse, Seventh Floor site of grace.
Give the letter to Freyja : Freyja will give you the Golden Lion Shield in return and continue her quest, moving on from Shadow Keep. (Be sure to exhaust her dialogue after giving the letter.)
Do not give the letter to Freyja : Freyja's quest will not progress, and she will remain in Shadow Keep until you defeat the final boss of the DLC. Once you've done so, return to her spot in the Shadow Keep to find the Golden Lion Shield .
If you've given Freyja the Letter to Freyja , she will fight against you in the NPC battle in Enir-Ilim (after the Cleansing Chamber Anteroom Site of Grace). After the battle, you'll be able to loot Freyja's Greatsword and Freyja's Set from her corpse in the same room.
Ahh, Lady Leda spoke of you. You're that Tarnished, guided here by Kindly Miquella. Weren't we all. I am Freyja. I once fought alongside General Radahn . In battle, you can be sure I'll hold my own.
Oh, another thing. Did you speak to our dour little friend? If you've yet to do so, have him give you a map of the crosses' whereabouts. They are Miquella's footprints.
I urge you follow after Miquella.
After defeating Divine Beast Dancing Lion
Ah, well met. That was a fine battle indeed. It heartens me, that another warrior stands among us. Among the beckoned.
Ask about the damage to her armor
Long ago, I was stricken by scarlet rot in the Swamp of Aeonia . Immobile, feverish, and in great pain, I was entirely resigned to death.
I was left behind, and only Kindly Miquella was enough to seek me out. My wound was swollen and festering — exuding a most pungent odour — and yet he drained the poison from it.
...Despite my wretched visage. Now, I consider this wound my compass.
Let us both take Kindly Miquella's guidance to heart. May we meet again on the battlefield, brave warrior.
Ask about that other man
Do you wonder why the eternally dour fellow keeps his distance?
He's one of the tower's hornsent. I can only assume he fights for his own reasons, and carries his own burdens. But we needn't concern ourselves with his affairs. He, too, was charmed by Kindly Miquella, and guided here. And that makes us allies.
We're not gods, you and I. Even if we did manage to dig up the secrets of his past... I doubt our meddling could ever amount to much
After the Great Rune breaks
Oh, there you are. Good. If you happen to see Lady Leda, tell her that I’m striking out on my own. Don’t worry. I’ve no mind to cross any of you. The guidance of Kind Miquella remains etched into my very flesh. It’s only, there’s something that I must know.
(What do you intend to look into?) Kindly Miquella spoke… of the vow he once made with General Radahn. And… it is here the vow shall be honoured. I am a Redmane. I must know the nature of the vow.
I’ll be out on my own for some time. There’s something I must know.
(What if you become our enemy?) There is no need for concern. I will be true to my word. Though I do feel a hint of regret. Lady Leda and honourable Ansbach are of a special breed. How glorious it would have been, had we met in battle as sworn enemies.
Visit in Shadow Keep
Hmm, let me see… Fickle, fidgety little letters. I should wipe you clean off the page.
Ahh… Now, now, Freyja. Don’t let it rile you up. Take it slow, take it slow.
By my lord...Will I ever make sense of this jumble?
Oh. Hello. I’m afraid I’m busy. ...A curse upon my lack of foresight. I should have asked Ansbach to impart his knowledge when I had the chance.
(On attack) Ngh! What’s the matter with you?
(Talk after attacking) Are you done? Kindly Miquella’s enchantment has expired. It can be disorientating, to say the least.
(Attack again) Looking for a fight, are you. Fine by me. Those squirmy little letters were driving me mad. And I’ve vigour to spare.
(On defeat) What’s the matter with you… Lady Leda, beware.
(On player kill) What a pitiful place to meet your end. A warrior should know – any fight might be your last.
§ Upon delivering the letter from Ansbach
I’m afraid I’m busy. Truly, I should have asked Ansbach to impart his knowledge when I had the chance.
(Pass on Letter for Freyja) For Sir Ansbach, to me? What on earth could it… Oh…? Hmm…?
Yes, of course, I see. As the festival of war concluded, General Radahn’s soul met an honourable end. But Kindly Miquella wishes to revive it. ...Which is fine by me. I know it would pain old Jerren , but war has always suited General Radahn best. And certainly far more than any honourable death. Endless war to invigorate the soul. As befits General Radahn, the great lion.
Thank you. Now I’ve finally cast off my misgivings. Give my regards to honourable Ansbach. Tell him if we should meet in battle, to face your bow would be fine enough, but to face your blade would be an honour. (Gives Golden Lion Shield )
Perhaps next time we, too will meet on the battlefield.
All that remains is the fight. For our Kind Miquella.
Fighting in Enir-Ilim
I am the Redmane, Freyja. The time has come.
I could not hope for a worthier foe. This is our moment. Let’s make it something to remember.
I never could have imagined it. That you might be the Erdtree’s rightful lord. Ha ha ha… Such as it is, this battle could not be more fitting. For the birth of a new god, and the coming of a lord!
(If Ansbach is summoned) Thank you, Sir Ansbach. The mere sight of your blade sets my heart aflutter. All the more I yearn to crush it in my grasp!
(Upon player kill) There can only be one lord. And you are not worthy.
(Upon defeat) I offer this fight… To Miquella the Kind, and Rada…
(Upon defeat) You were fine… in your part… Truly, a glorious battle...it was...
Golden armor of Redmane Freyja, member of General Radahn's most distinguished knights.
Affixed with a black woolen mantle. After witnessing Freyja's valor as a gladiator in his youth, Radahn invited her to join the ranks of his most trusted warriors.
Golden helm of Redmane Freyja, member of General Radahn's most distinguished knights.
A hideous scarlet wound was once hewn into the center of her face. Later, Miquella gently put his lips to it and the unfading scar became the compass that Freyja would thereafter follow.
Weapon of Freyja, a Redmane. Greatsword decorated with a mane, much like the weapons used by her liege.
The spirit of Freyja's training lingers in this sword, enhancing the power of Redmane battle skills.
Shield made to resemble a fierce golden lion with a luxuriant mane.
Awarded to especially valorous members of Radahn's personal guard on the occasion of its formation.
Craftable item prepared using a ritual pot. Engraved with the crest of red-maned lion.
Throw at enemies to inflict heavy fire damage.
Even today, the survivors of Radahn's battalion employ fire to stave off the scarlet rot.
A letter written by Sir Ansbach to Freyja the Redmane.
Presumably written in answer to her query, but the page is neatly folded to keep prying eyes from reading it.
Freyja, by the gods… She must be feeling the need to reaffirm her allegiance before she heads to war… A true Redmane she is, hardly troubled by the rot. But no-one is without their shortcomings… She has a hard road ahead…
Righteous Tarnished. Could you please give this to Freyja? Thanks to you, she, too, will have the answers she requires. Freyja possesses a youth I no longer have. This knowledge will surely stoke the flames of valor within her. Yes, I can see her barreling into the fray right now..
Ha ha ha… I should have expected as much from Freyja! Some things simply never occur to her. Paralyzing fear. True despair.
Redmane Freyja is an NPC in Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree .
2 Questline Progression
Formerly one of the most distinguished knights of Starscourge Radahn , who invited her into his ranks after witnessing her valour as a gladiator [ 1 ] , Freyja is one of the compatriots of Needle Knight Leda who followed Miquella into the Realm of Shadow .
In the past, Freyja was stricken by Scarlet Rot in the Swamp of Aeonia . Left behind and resigned to death, she was approached by Miquella, who put his lips to her wound and drained the poison from it. [ 2 ] [ 3 ] Freyja was subsequently charmed by Miquella, and later entered the Realm of Shadow with Leda and her compatriots.
After Miquella's charm is broken, Freyja chooses to strike out on her own, although she remains loyal to Miquella. [ 4 ] She recalls Miquella mentioning a vow he once made with her former lord Radahn, and resolves to learn the nature of the vow. [ 5 ] To this end, she travels to the Shadow Keep , where she has difficulty reading the letters etched into the stone tablets. [ 6 ] With assistance from the The Tarnished and Sir Ansbach , Freyja learns that Miquella wishes to revive the soul of General Radahn. Freyja welcomes this, believing that endless war would suit her former master better than an honourable death. [ 7 ]
Later, Freyja joins Leda and Dryleaf Dane in Enir-Ilim , in their fight against the Tarnished. Upon her defeat, she praises the Tarnished for providing her with a glorious battle. [ 8 ]

---

area: Abyssal Woods
chapter: 37
name: Midra Lord of Frenzied Flame
Midra, Lord of Frenzied Flame is a Legend Boss in Elden Ring . He is the embodiment of the Frenzied Flame found in Midra's Manse . This is an optional boss as players do not need to defeat it to advance in Shadow of the Erdtree .
See Midra, Lord of Frenzied Flame Lore
Enough.... I have endured more than enough...I ask you forgive me, dearest Nanaya...
Midra's human form must be defeated before fighting the true boss.
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Second Floor Chamber
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
Midra, Lord of Frenzied Flame is the final boss of Midra's Manse . [ Map Link ]
Parryable : Yes, but 3 parries are required per stance break
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken or parried
Damage: Standard , Pierce , Fire , Holy
Drops 410,000, Remembrance of the Lord of Frenzied Flame
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 726 / 1016 / 1473
Scarlet Rot : 726 / 1016 / 1473
Hemorrhage : 444 / 542 / 832 / 1289
Frostbite : 444 / 542 / 832 / 1289
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
Poison : 323 / 365 / 463 / 753 / 1210
Scarlet Rot : 323 / 365 / 463 / 753 / 1210
The Best Tips for Midra, Lord of Frenzied Flame:
Summons: Dung Eater Puppet , Mimic Tear to duplicate Hemorrhage effects (in your inventory)
Armaments: Rivers of Blood , Bloodfiend's Arm , Great Stars , Anvil Hammer , Staff of the Guilty , Albinauric Staff , Misericorde
Spells: Lucidity , Impenetrable Thorns , Swarm of Flies , Flame Protect Me , Ekzykes's Decay
Skills: Lion's Claw , Savage Lion's Claw , Cragblade
Talismans: Flamedrake Talisman +3 , Clarifying Horn Charm +2
Other items: Clarifying Boluses , Boiled Crab , Glovewort Crystal Tear
Prone to Hemorrhage (Bleed): Use Blood Grease on Great Katana (Can also use Drawstring Blood Grease )
Stance can be broken: Two Full Heavy Hits
Inflicting Bleed or Frost will cause him to stumble. This is not the same as Stagger, but provides a brief window to disengage, heal, or cancel his attack.
Midra is a challenging boss wielding a Greatsword covered in barbs, infused with the Frenzied Flame , making his attacks both unique and dangerous. The fight with Midra has two phases, with the second phase significantly more difficult due to his reliance on high-damage Frenzied Flame-based attacks.
When you first enter the arena, you'll face Midra's human form, a " Wailing Man " armed with a stick. This initial form is much weaker than the main boss but can still cause significant damage through a grab attack or a madness Ao E. It is crucial to deplete his health quickly to avoid these attacks. After defeating this form, there's a brief window before Midra transforms into his true form. Use this time to drink the Flask of Wondrous Physick to extend your buffs for the upcoming fight.
Once the transformation is complete, Midra's true form is revealed, and the real challenge begins. His first move will likely be to summon Flame Strands that crawl toward you. To avoid this, time your forward roll just as the attack approaches, then delay a second roll to close the distance. This positioning allows you to land a heavy attack while Midra is recovering, as he is susceptible to being staggered.
By carefully timing your moves and managing your buffs, you can turn the tide in this challenging fight against Midra.
When at close range, Midra will begin swinging his greatsword at you. While he is a slow-moving boss, his attacks are quick and yet, predictable. One of his common attack strings is the Triple Greatsword Swing . He begins with a right overhead swing, followed by a left overhead swing, and ends it again with another right swing in quick succession. This attack can be dodged by going towards his weapon, so you should dodge going to your right, then left, and right again. At the end of this attack string, you should be able to land a heavy attack on him while he's recovering.
For his second combo, he will pull off a 3-attack string that begins with 2 quick sweeps starting from the left, then right, and followed by a Dash Thrust . The final move in this combo allows him to dash forward which leaves a trail of flames. To dodge this move, roll backward twice for the quick sweeps, then roll forward as he finishes this move. This creates a distance between you and him, and from here, you can cast a spell if you have the FP for it.
Another one of his combos is a 2-attack string where he begins with a left-side swing of his weapon and is followed by a Thrust with a short delay. For this attack, you can dodge by rolling to the left, and then towards him. If you do this successfully, you will be able to get behind him and land another heavy attack. The delay is something that needs to be learned so take your time with this. For the next melee move, you will notice Midra use the nail in his left hand and stab you with it. This Nail Stab attack varies with either a single stab or a double stab with a slight delay in between. To dodge this move, roll backward to dodge the first stab, and wait for a bit before you go in with an attack since he might follow up with another stab.
One of Midra’s most powerful attacks is the Big Flame Explosion . He starts to use this once you reach the second phase when his health drops to about 70%. When you see him rise up above you, it’s a clear sign that the Big Flame Explosion is coming. Once you see him prepare this move, you want to run to the edge of the arena as there's no way of dodging it at close range. Failing to do so can result in high damage, potentially even a one-shot kill, so prioritizing distance is crucial.
In the second phase, Midra will retain his original strings of attacks and will gain new ones. He can now cast a single Flame Strand that travels the same way as his opening attack, but instead of 2 Strands, there's only one here. You can dodge the same way you did previously. The next move begins with Midra firing up his greatsword. You can see the Frenzied Flame covering his weapon and he begins to do a right-step sweep followed closely by a lunge swipe. This move also creates flames on the ground, it doesn't deal damage to you, but it does fill up the Madness bar . Make sure that you pay attention to this if you don't want to lose Focus and HP over time. Since this attack is coming from YOUR left, you can dodge this by rolling to your left, then a delayed roll to the right. Essentially, you are rolling towards the weapon to evade this attack.
He can also do Explosive Grab Plunge . He will start this attack by flying up in the air and then crashes down onto the ground in an attempt to grab you with his right hand while he plunges the greatsword with his left hand. Watch out for the aftershock where barbs will grow from underneath when he plunges his weapon deeper onto the ground. To dodge this, make sure you look up at his character while he's in mid-air. As Midra is floating, get ready to roll forward right before he hits the ground, then face toward Midra, and roll forward when you see him plunge the greatsword again to dodge the aftershock. You will be able to land a full heavy attack on him if you manage to avoid this pattern.
Finally, the longest string of attacks from Midra is a mix of quick and delayed strikes . This attack begins with a left-side sweep followed by 4 strings of delayed and quick attacks that alternate direction. Overall, you can dodge this move in any direction, but the move is more forgiving if you roll toward the origin of the weapon. So if it's coming from the right, you will dodge to the right. Your dodge pattern for this move will go like this:
Dodge to the right for the first sweep
Pause for a brief moment, roll to the left
Do 2 quick rolls to the right, and then left again
Pause here, and wait for the final sweep, then roll to the right
Moving on to his special attack, Midra can also perform Frenzied Gaze , firing multiple beams from a distance. You will notice him pull back his head and then rapidly fire lasers that track you. This move is typically slow and isn't fast enough to keep up with the Tarnished. This works best if you are close to him so make sure that you are near him when he initiates this move. Then, for his finisher, you will see Midra pause and create a ball of fire emit from his head. As soon as you see him do this, make sure to run to the edge of the arena to get out of the blast. This move will explode after some time and there's no way to dodge this aside from getting out of the Ao E. Note that the flame trails does not have any damage so you can go back in and get free hits on him.
Throughout the battle, maintain a balance between offense and defense. His ranged fire attacks are overwhelming due to their large damage area, so always be ready to dodge when you see him preparing these moves. Midra's high damage output means that rushing in recklessly will likely lead to a quick defeat. Instead, time your attacks carefully and be ready to switch to a defensive stance from time to time. Watching his movements closely will help you anticipate his attacks and react when needed.
Midra can be a tough boss to beat because his high damage can easily kill your character if you are not careful. Study his attack patterns, exploit the moments when he is open for attacks, and don't get greedy with your attacks. Sometimes, it's better to land a few hits and then retreat to a safe distance rather than risk getting killed immediately. Overall, the best strategy to defeat Midra, Lord of Frenzied Flame, is to stay close to him, anticipate his moves, and go for a full heavy attack at the end of his combos.
Midra is weak to bleed effects and on NG, he is eaten alive by repeated casts of Swarm of Flies or Impenetrable Thorns . The boss has several attacks that can quickly close the gap between himself and the player. Despite this boss's extreme aggression, there is a short window of opportunity that the player can capitalize on between each of Midra's combos. As such, ranged players will find it useful to carry a light and fast melee weapon that applies bleed, such as Moonveil , Uchigatana , or Rivers of Blood .
Note that Midra is susceptible to Rotten Breath / Ekzykes's Decay . Spirit ash summons are most effective in combination with Glovewort Crystal Tear . Standing at a safe distance, this boss can be made trivial by summoning Greatshield Soldiers , and spamming casts of Impenetrable Thorns enhanced by Beloved Stardust . Not only does this spell melt the boss's health bar, but it also deals poise damage with a high chance of staggering him. If your character does not meet the minimum stat requirement to cast impenetrable thorns, acquire the necessary faith by equipping Marika's Soreseal , Two Fingers Heirloom , or Faith-knot Crystal Tear .
Voice Actor: Connor Byrne, who also voiced Father Gascoigne from Bloodborne and Laddersmith Gilligan from Dark Souls II.
Other Notes and Trivia Go Here
"The depths of your foolishness!"
"Enough... I have endured... more than enough. I ask you forgive me, dearest Nanaya..."
Incantations originating from the maddening Three Fingers.
Releases concentrated blasts of the yellow flame of frenzy from the caster's eyes. Charging enhances potency, enabling the blasts to penetrate the enemy's guard.
In times past, every single person who attempted to control the flame of frenzy succumbed to madness after a desperate internal struggle. This incantation is testament to a meager victory.
Formless sacred seal bestowed by the maiden of the Three Fingers. Enhances incantations of the frenzied flame.
This seal is the mark of the Lord of Frenzied Flame. Scales incantations using strength, dexterity, intelligence, and faith all together.
Golden greatsword that once pierced the body of Midra, master of the manse. Used by the hornsent in the execution of a damnation like no other.
The barbs that pierce the victim from within wind gently around the blade.
Incantation originating from the maddening Three Fingers. Releases a maddening shriek that causes madness buildup in foes nearby. This incantation also causes madness buildup in the caster and makes enemies more likely to target them.
It is said that the sickness of the flame of frenzy began with Shabriri, the most reviled man in all history.
A record of crafting techniques left by a craftsman who served Midra, master of the manse, and Nanaya, its lady. His eyes were burned by the Flame of Frenzy.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following: - Hefty Frenzied Flame Pot
Map of the abyss at the east of the Gravesite Plain. A thick forest sprawls at the depths of the ravine that is untouched even by sunlight. Known as the sanctum of Sage Midra, and is a region forbidden by the hornsent.
Incantation in praise of Midra, Lord of Frenzied Flame.
Summons an apparition of the Lord's head to spew frenzied flame. This incantation can be used while in motion. The apparition will remain for as long as the input is held.
The Lord of Frenzied Flame shall take their torment, despair. Their affliction. Every sin, every curse. All melted away. Yet Midra, like others before him, was too weak to become a Lord.
A torch made by attaching a dying flame of frenzy to a small spinal column. In a distant land, in an age long past, was born a man who failed to become the Lord of Frenzied Flame. All that remains of him is cradled gently by Nanaya.
Remembrance of Midra, Lord of Frenzied Flame, hewn into the Scadutree. The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes. As the golden barbs inflicted eternal agony upon him, Midra held fast to Nanaya's entreaty: "Endure." The word was a curse.
Spiritgrave stone burned by frenzied flame. Craftable item. Uses FP to place a stone on the ground, where it spews frenzied flames.
Spirits are eternal, and yet frenzied flame melts them away regardless. No wonder the hornsent forbid the flame's use.
Incantation originating from the maddening Three Fingers.
Causes the yellow flame of frenzy to violently burst forth from the caster's eyes. Hold to continue channeling the flame. This incantation can be used while in motion.
It is the maddening pain and unstoppable tears of those afflicted with the flame of frenzy brought into being.
Enough... I have endured... more than enough... I ask you forgive me, dearest Nanaya... Ahhhhhh...
Midra, Lord of Frenzied Flame is an optional boss in Shadow of the Erdtree .
3 Boss Fight 3.1 Phase One 3.2 Phase Two
Long ago, the great Sage Midra attempted to become a Lord of Frenzied Flame . However, he was too weak and failed. [ 1 ] Pierced by the branching thorns of the Greatsword of Damnation , his power was suppressed by the hornsent . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] Midra's Manse and the dark lands of the Abyssal Woods were forbidden by the Hornsent. [ 5 ] It is said the eyes of those who served the sage were burned by the Frenzied Flame of madness . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] Midra lingered on in perpetual suffering at the behest of his beloved Nanaya . [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
Eventually, a Tarnished Champion entered Midra's manse to explore and loot it. Midra repeatedly tried to warn the Tarnished to leave, but his pleas went unheeded. Upon the Tarnished coming upon Midra's chambers, Midra chastised the Tarnished for their foolishness before attacking them, only be brutally beaten and subdued. Finally, Midra could endure his pain no more. He pulls the sword out through his head and decapitates himself. Then, he manifests as the Lord of Frenzied Flame. The branching arms of the sword coil tightly around its central needle. [ 4 ]
A hollow man impaled with a golden barbed spear. He wearing a yellow or gold robe with a big clasp. The barbed spear went through his eye and replaced his spine. [ 10 ] He is in a lot of pain; poor guy looks like a Christmas tree. He rips his own head off by pulling out the spear. He gains a fireball head and the barbs coil around the spear to make a sword.
You fight the feeble Lord. He has low HP and defenses; the player will likely kill him with a few hits at most.
He pulls his head off and gets a fireball head of Frenzied Flame. He deals madness .
Midra's wounds have stitches. [ 11 ]
Midra is voiced by Connor Byrne, who also voiced Laddersmith Gilligan in DARK SOULS II and Father Gascoigne in Bloodborne.

---

area: Ancient Ruins of Rauh
chapter: 36
name: Romina Saint of the Bud
Romina, Saint of the Bud is a Legend Boss in Elden Ring . She appears humanoid, though her lower half has inexplicably transformed into a centipede with a scorpion's stinger. After her church was burned during Messmer's crusade, she discovered a twisted divine element and weaved it into the Scarlet Rot , wielding the bud she cradled as a deadly poleblade in combat. She can be found in the Church of the Bud, which you can access at the end of your exploration in the Ancient Ruins of Rauh . This is not an optional boss, as players need to defeat her to advance in Shadow of the Erdtree .
See Romina, Saint of the Bud Lore
This is not an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Church of the Bud, Main Entrance
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
You can summon Dryleaf Dane for this boss
Romina, Saint of the Bud can be found in Church of the Bud. You can get to the Church of the Bud by heading to the top floor of the western-most square building in the Rauh Ancient Ruins [ Map Link ].
From the Rauh Ancient Ruins, West Site of Grace , go southwest into the building. From the top of the stairs, go roughly straight ahead to the exit to outdoors.  Go north across the watery outdoor area. To the north is an entrance to a room with red rot and red Lesser Kindred of Rot enemies. Find the lift on the left wall a short way into the room. If the lift is raised, it will look like a solid stone wall and may be easy to miss. Take the lift up then go up the inside central stairs and you'll emerge at the The Church of the Bud.
Alternative Route: from Ancient Ruins, Grand Stairway Site of Grace. Go partly down the stairs to about midway between the site of grace and the Archer Golem . To the north you will see one of several circular shaped gazebos down on a lower landscape level far under the stairs, where there is also is water and 2 yellow armored knights. The gazebo midway between the site of grace and the Golem will allow you to double jump onto it with Torrent from the stairs without any fall damage. The correct jumping point is right near the join between the stairs and a flat section of the stairs path. Double jump from the stairs to the gazebo, and then safely to the ground. Then go north, pass the yellow knights, pass the other gazebo, and go into a red rot-filled interior. In the rot-filled room on the left wall is a block-shaped lift near some red Lesser Kindred of Rot enemies . Take the lift up, then go up the central stairs to get to the Church of the Bud.
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken or parried
Damage: Standard , Slash , Strike , Pierce
Inflicts: Scarlet Rot
Drops 380,000, Remembrance of the Saint of the Bud
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Scarlet Rot : Immune
Hemorrhage : 444 / 542 / 832 / 1289
Frostbite : 323 / 365 / 463 / 753 / 1210
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
The Best Tips for Romina, Saint of the Bud:
Recommended summons: Mimic Tear , Black Knife Tiche
Recommended armaments: Barbed Staff-Spear , Royal Greatsword
Recommended spells: Flame, Cleanse Me , Swarm of Flies , Impenetrable Thorns , Frozen Lightning Spear , Dragonice
Recommended talismans: Sacred Scorpion Charm , Lightning Scorpion Charm , Godfrey Icon , Immunizing Horn Charm
Bring Preserving Boluses , can be crafted by finding the Armorer's Cookbook (6)
Other items: Holy-Shrouding Cracked Tear , Lightning-Shrouding Cracked Tear , Cerulean Hidden Tear
Romina, Saint of the Bud , is a mid-sized boss with a body that combines features of a centipede, scorpion, butterfly, and human. She wields a poleblade, centipede fangs, and a scorpion stinger, making her a distinctive opponent. To defeat Romina, you need a balanced strategy of offense and defense, but being more aggressive is often advantageous.
When fighting her as a melee character, focus on her central human body as well as her centipede fangs and scorpion stinger, which act as her arms. These parts move independently, allowing her to launch multiple simultaneous attacks, such as swinging her spear while her stinger strikes from another direction. Her attacks include Heavy Spear Thrusts , Sweeping Stinger strikes, and Biting Fangs .
Romina’s common opening move is the Centipede Sweep , where her centipede body swings from right to left. You can dodge this by rolling forward just before it hits. This allows you to get close and deliver a full heavy attack. Be aware that she may follow up with a Quick Dash to reposition and swing her poleblade. This can be avoided by rolling to your left or backward.
Stay as close as possible to Romina, as some of her sweep attacks won't hit you at point-blank range. Being near her also makes her attack pattern more predictable. For instance, after her usual opening attack, closing the distance with a dodge roll will cause her follow-up attack to miss if you are right beside her.
One thing that you should do is to always look at her Poleblade , when you see it glowing red, this means that the weapon is enchanted with Scarlet Rot. If this weapon hits you while the enchantment is active, it will cause Scarlet Rot build-up. So always be wary of her weapon status . One of the combos that she does with her enchanted weapon, is the Leap Combo where she starts with a poleblade sweep, an overhead attack, and then she jumps high in the air, and then plunges her weapon down. To dodge this move you will do the following:
Roll to your left for the sweep attack
Roll forward (slightly to your right) as she swings the overhead attack
Pause here and pay attention when her weapon flashes pink for a brief moment, then roll forward at that exact moment
When this move is dodged properly, you can get a couple of free hits as she recovers. This move also has a variation where she would skip the 3rd part of the attack and will just do an enchanted weapon combo. She also has another basic move where she makes 3 quick sweeping movements with her poleblade without enchantments. Then finally, she can also do the Rolling Attack where Romina will curl up into a ball, and then roll around the arena. After she is done rolling, she will then slam the ground and do a swing with her poleblade. You can avoid the initial roll by getting out of her way by either dodging or sprinting away. Lock the camera onto her to see where she is going. At the end of the roll, dodge roll to the right to dodge both of her attacks. Then, you can retaliate with a heavy attack.
After she finishes a combo, quickly counterattack to take advantage of the brief windows of vulnerability. Her attacks, while powerful, have high recovery times, allowing you to dodge and immediately counter. When she begins a combo, dodge her attacks by rolling to the side or towards her to close the distance. Immediately after dodging, counter with heavy attacks to break her poise. Frequent usage of jumping and heavy attacks is recommended as it can stagger her, leaving her open to further attacks.
One of her special moves is the Double Spin 360 Combo . This is a move where you see her lift her human body up as her weapon glows red, then, she will do 2 full spins while swinging her poleblade. Then, she pauses after this move to recover. This move can be dodged by rolling to the left, then dodging to the left again after a slight delay. This move usually causes Romina to end up at a far position from you, but she will take time to recover and you can do at least 1 light attack or a jump attack if you sprint up to her.
During Phase 2, her attacks remain the same but she can now conjure butterflies that will explode after a short period. She will transition into the 2nd Phase when her health drops to 50%, and you will see her surround herself with pink lighting with butterflies circling her. After a brief period, this will cause a whirlwind in the small area, then she follows up this move with more butterflies in the outer area of the whirlwind that will explode randomly throughout the arena. To dodge the Butterfly Bombs move, start sprinting away as her body lights up with pink hue, then, if you can outrun the Ao E, you can just stand at the edge and you will not get hit. If you get caught, you can spam roll until you get out of the Ao E. As the fight goes on, Romina will likely redo this move again, but with a shorter preparation. So you will need to react quicker to get out of the exploding butterflies. Romina at first seems like you must wait and punish with a typical melee build. She has a glaring weakness of being weak to animations that shift the players' hurt box down to low profile common moves she performs, such as her double glowing spear lunge and swipe move. A perfect example I found was using Dryleaf Arts, the Heavy attack naturally low profiles many of her spear-swiping moves. During my run I found it more beneficial to be aggressive rather than defensive, staying on her inner right side up front will negate a lot of her attacks with a dodge as needed. I ran frost to add the slow to her animations which was a plus but not needed in fighting her. The low profiling and staying on the offensive to break stance to heal as needed or deal big damage was enough. During you have enough time to heal and use Ash of War: Divine Beast Frost Stomp for example without getting hit. Patience and aggressive play shine in this fight as long as you can consistent low profile which is the namesake of this strategy.
Romina moves around a lot, so spells with high tracking will be most useful. Flame Cleanse Me can be used to heal scarlet rot.
Incantations have a lot of options, as the boss is weak to lightning, holy, and frost. Knight's Lightning Spear is a good choice, as the follow-up spears can usually still hit even if the main spear misses. Pest-Thread Spears have high tracking and damage. Romina is weak to Swarm of Flies .
One of the best options among Sorceries is Roiling Magma . Buff it with Talisman of the Dread , cast with Gelmir Glintstone Staff or have it in the off-hand. Upon entry to the arena throw the Hefty Oil Pot . Considering your catalyst's sorcery scaling is maxed out, first cast should take most part of the boss's HP. Impenetrable Thorns is also an excellent choice.
Spirit Ash summons and the NPC furled finger Dryleaf Dane will be a great help to ranged users.
Romina was first shown in the Story Trailer for Shadow of the Erdtree, kneeling and holding her poleblade amidst the burning church.
A cloth doll depicting a dancer garbed in blue. An ancient heirloom of some sort.
Raises attack power with lower equipment load.
The dancer in blue represents a fairy, who in legend bestowed a flowing sword upon a blind swordsman. Blade in hand, the swordsman sealed away an ancient god — a god that was Rot itself.
Craftable item prepared using a capacious cracked pot. A cocktail of rotten materials is sealed inside.
Throw at enemies to cause a large buildup of scarlet rot.
Rot is one of the divine elements of the outer gods, and eats away at life like a vicious plague.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon a spirit of the Kindred of Rot.
This spirit takes the form of a crawling pest, its chitinous body making a dry rustling sound. Attacks enemies by secreting sticky threads. The Kindred of Rot are the servants of the Goddess of Rot—servants that have been forsaken.
Map of Lake of Rot and environs.
A great lake of standing water downstream of the Ainsel River. It is said that the divine essence of an outer god is sealed away in this land.
Incantation of the servants of rot.
Secretes countless sticky threads, launching them forwards.
A technique of the pale pests who crawl through the lands afflicted by scarlet rot; the abandoned children of the goddess. "Do you have an interest in rot incantations?"
Skill of the pests known as the Kindred of Rot, now wielded as an incantation.
Secrete numerous sticky threads, then twist them into two spears launched frontwards. Charge to enhance potency.
The pests are abandoned servants, and it is for this reason that they found a mother in the Saint of the Bud.
Enchants armament held in the right hand with poison. This incantation can be cast while in motion.
Those who dwell within poison know rot all too well. The death that begets life, that comes to all equally. That is to say: it is the cycle of rebirth put into practice.
Weapon of Romina, Saint of the Bud. A scarlet glaive with a dangling bud-like blade. Attacks cause buildup of rot. Once, in the crumbling, burning church, Romina held the bud in speechless silence. That bud would become her blade.
Remembrance of Malenia, Goddess of Rot, hewn into the Erdtree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Miquella and Malenia are both the children of a single god. As such they are both Empyreans, but suffered afflictions from birth. One was cursed with eternal childhood, and the other harbored rot within.
Remembrance of Romina, Saint of the Bud, hewn into the Scadutree.
After the church was burned to the ground, Romina discovered a twisted divine element, which she weaved into the baleful scarlet rot.
Perhaps then, the buds might find somewhere to gain purchase once more, within the scorched remains.
Incantation used by Romina, Saint of the Bud.
Summons a myriad of butterflies while performing a gentle twirl. The butterflies break apart on contact, scattering rot and setting off a chain reaction.
The scarlet butterflies are as the Goddess of Rot's wings. Bereft of a master, they were soothed by Romina, who reached out to them.
Technique of Malenia, the Goddess of Rot. Creates a gigantic flower that blooms into an explosion of scarlet rot.
Each time the scarlet flower blooms, Malenia's rot advances. It has bloomed twice already. With the third bloom, she will become a true goddess.
A large, rotten bud that will never come into bloom. Material used for crafting items. Grows in lands blighted by the scarlet rot. There was a time when these buds were not touched by the scarlet rot's blight—when they were the symbol of the small church deep in the ancient ruins of Rauh.
Dagger fashioned from a great scorpion's tail, glistening with scarlet rot.
A ceremonial tool used by heretics, crafted from the relic of a sealed outer god.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of a spider scorpion.
This scorpion is larger than a human, and attacks with pincers and a poisonous tail. Appears some distance from the summoner.
This breed of scorpion was native to the realm of shadow, but was far smaller in size. Recent giant scorpions are said to trace back to the Church of the Bud.
Do you have an interest in rot incantations? Then you might like to learn something of the history... of Malenia, goddess of scarlet rot.
Queen Marika and her King Consort Radagon were blessed with twin demigods, and Malenia was one of them.
She was born an Empyrean, carrying the scarlet rot.
An Empyrean...is no mere demigod.
In the age of the Elden Ring, and Queen Marika, the precious Empyrean was born.
A new god to forge a new Order.
Since Malenia fought Radahn, and the great scarlet flower blossomed in Aeonia, I have dedicated myself to her.
And to the resplendence of the Order of Rot. The cycle of decay and rebirth.
The scarlet bloom flowers once more
You will witness true horror.
Romina, Saint of the Bud is a mandatory boss in Shadow of the Erdtree .
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Phase One 2.2 Phase Two
Romina is one of the many victims of Messmer the Impaler 's crusade throughout the Realm of Shadow , with her church being burned to the ground. In the crumbling, burning church, Romina held the bud in speechless silence. [ 1 ]
Within the church where everything was burned, Romina discovered a grotesque divinity, and she clung to the sinister Scarlet Rot. [ 2 ] She transformed into a parasitic creature, a hybrid of a centipede, scorpion and butterfly, while the Bud she held was converted into a poleblade that became Romina's signature weapon. [ 3 ]
Romina is not an optional boss as it must be defeated in order to burn the Sealing Tree and reach Enir-Ilim .
Romina is a distinctive opponent whose weaponry are her poleblade, centipede fangs and a scorpion stinger. It is important to have a balanced strategy of both offense and defense but it is advantageous to be more aggressive in battle.
When fighting her,  focus on her central human body as well as her centipede fangs and scorpion stinger, which act as her arms. These parts move independently, allowing her to launch multiple simultaneous attacks, such as swinging her spear while her stinger strikes from another direction. Her attacks include Heavy Spear Thrusts, Sweeping Stinger strikes, and Biting Fangs.
However, her most common opening move is her Centipede Sweep , where the centipede part of her body will swing from right to left. It can be dodged by rolling forward. This will let you get close to Romina to deliver a full heavy attack. However, you have to be aware that she may follow up by dashing quickly and swing her poleblade, which can be avoided by rolling to the left or backwards.
It is important to always look at Romina's poleblade, as when it glows red, this shows that it has become enchanted with Scarlet Rot. If hit with the enchanted weapon, it will cause a Scarlet Rot build-up. Always be wary of her weapon status. One of the combos that she does with her enchanted weapon, is the Leap Combo where she starts with a poleblade sweep, an overhead attack, and then she jumps high in the air, and then plunges her weapon down. In order to dodge this, you can either:
Roll to your left for a sweep attack
Roll forward (slightly forward to your right) when she wings the overhead attack.
Pay attention when Romina's poleblade will flash pink for a brief moment then roll forward at that exact moment.
When the leap combo is dodged properly, you can deliver a couple of free hits while she recovers. This combo also has a variation where Romina would skip the 3rd part of the attack and will just do an enchanted weapon combo. She also has another basic move where she makes 3 quick sweeping movements with her poleblade without enchantments. Finally, she can also do the Rolling Attack where she will curl up into a ball, and then roll around the arena. After she finishes rolling, she will then slam the ground and do a swing with her poleblade. This can be initially avoided by getting out of her way by either dodging or sprinting away. Lock the camera onto her to see where she is going. At the end of the roll, roll to the right to dodge both of her attacks. Then, you can retaliate with a heavy attack.
After she finishes a combo, quickly counterattack to take advantage of the time where she will be briefly vulnerable. While powerful, her attacks have high recovery times, allowing you to dodge and immediately counter. When she begins a combo, dodge her attacks by rolling to the side or towards her to close the distance. Immediately after dodging, counter with heavy attacks to break her poise. Frequent usage of jumping and heavy attacks is recommended as it can stagger her, leaving her open to further attacks.
One of her special moves is the Double Spin 360 Combo , where she will lift up her human body as her weapon glows red, and will do 2 full spins while swinging her poleblade. After performing this move, she will pause to recover. This move can be dodged by rolling to the left, then dodging to the left again after a slight delay. This move usually causes Romina to end up at a far position from you, but she will take time to recover and you can do at least 1 light attack or a jump attack if you sprint up to her.
After her health drops to 50%, she will immediately transition to her second phase; her attacks remain the same, but she now has the ability to conjure butterflies that will explode like bombs after a short period. She will be seen with pink butterflies circling around her, and after a brief period will cause a whirlwind in the small arena. Romina then follow up this move with more butterflies in the outer area of the whirlwind that will randomly explode throughout the area. To dodge this move, start sprinting away as her body lights up with pink hue, then, if you can outrun the Ao E, you can just stand at the edge and you will not get hit. If you get caught, you can spam roll until you get out of the Ao E. As the fight goes on, Romina will likely redo this move again, but with a shorter preparation. So you will need to react quicker to get out of the exploding butterflies.
Romina at first seems like you must wait and punish with a typical melee build. She has a glaring weakness of being weak to animations that shift the players' hurt box down to low profile common moves she performs, such as her double glowing spear lunge and swipe move. A perfect example I found was using Dryleaf Arts, the Heavy attack naturally low profiles many of her spear-swiping moves. During my run I found it more beneficial to be aggressive

---

area: Shadow Keep
chapter: 35
name: Rellana Twin Moon Knight
Rellana, Twin Moon Knight is a Legend Boss in Elden Ring . A former princess of the Carian Royal Family , she is the younger sister of Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon . Wielding her signature Twin Blades that she can infuse with Glintstone magic and Messmer's Flame respectively, she is fought at the end of Castle Ensis . This is an optional boss as players do not need to defeat her to advance in Shadow of the Erdtree .
See Rellana, Twin Moon Knight Lore
This is an optional boss. She can be bypassed via the sealed Spritspring in Gravesite Plain to enter Scadu Altus.
Closest Site of Grace: Castle Lord's Chamber.
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss.
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss.
You can summon Needle Knight Leda for this boss: Note that she often uses the Needle Piercer skill, which removes buffs and debuffs. Depending on the player build, summoning her may not be recommended. If you bypassed Rellana to enter Scadu Altus and return to the boss fight later, Leda cannot be summoned if Miquella's Great Rune has broken.
Note that she often uses the Needle Piercer skill, which removes buffs and debuffs. Depending on the player build, summoning her may not be recommended.
If you bypassed Rellana to enter Scadu Altus and return to the boss fight later, Leda cannot be summoned if Miquella's Great Rune has broken.
Patch 1.13 removed Dryleaf Dane 's summon sign for this boss.
Rellana, Twin Moon Knight can be found by heading to the East Wing of Castle Ensis . Go up the stairs around the tower to reach a bridge guarded by a Black Knight with a hammer and a greatshield. After defeating this enemy, use the elevator behind it to go up and use the Castle-Lord's Chamber Site of Grace to your right. You will find the mist door to this boss in the next hallway to your left. [ Map Link ] [ Video Link ]
Parryable : Yes, but 2 parries are required per stance break
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken or parried
Damage: Standard , Slash , Pierce , Magic , Fire
Drops 240,000, Remembrance of the Twin Moon Knight
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 296 / 338 / 436 / 726 / 1183
Scarlet Rot : 296 / 338 / 436 / 726 / 1183
Hemorrhage : 408 / 506 / 796 / 1253
Frostbite : 408 / 506 / 796 / 1253
Sleep : 296 / 338 / 436 / 726 / 1183
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
Rellana is one of the hardest bosses that you will encounter in Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree, with a particular focus on brutal boss design. She combines swift and aggressive melee attacks, often with short reaction time, with ranged magic spells to form a very deadly arsenal for both new and veteran players. Once she enters Phase 2, her combo attacks deal extra magic and fire damage, she gets new, optional extensions to her combo strings, and can add addtional attacks to final blows, allowing her to deal large amounts of damage per hit to an already fast paced boss fight and reducing the margin for error, as one late dodge or instance of panic rolling can cost you the attempt.
The Best Tips for Rellana, Twin Moon Knight:
Recommended Spirit Ashes: Greatshield Soldiers , Black Knife Tiche , Mimic Tear , Black Knight Commander Andreas
Recommended Ash of War: Flame of the Redmanes , Giant Hunt , Wing Stance
Recommended Spells: Rotten Breath , Swarm of Flies , Lightning Spear , Barrier of Gold
Bring the Spelldrake Talisman (+3) to reduce Magic Damage, it can be found in Castle Ensis. Also recommended to craft Spellproof Dried / Pickled Liver .
Also recommended to craft Spellproof Dried / Pickled Liver .
There is a pool of water in the center of arena, so it's recommended to bring some weapons that can deal Lightning Damage .
You can use a Shield or dodge roll to either side to protect yourself from incoming physical damage. The key to winning is patience. You can summon Mimic Tear to fight alongside you or opt to summon Leda. It is recommended to only have 1 Summon so the boss will not have a dramatic increase in health pool. Beware that the NPC summon enacts a general debuff that will affect the player.
The boss's long variable combos make it difficult to get near her to launch your attack, but the player should particularly observe her Forward Thrust Combos , as they often provide the best punish windows.:
3-string attack combo: she slices each weapon once and ends with Double Thrust with both light greatswords.
6-string attack combo: she starts with an upward Thrust with each weapon, followed by one spinning attack, a quick thrust with each weapon, and ends with another Double Thrust.
The key to determining the end of her attack patterns is when she does the move slow. If it's fast, there's a big chance that it will be followed up by a slow attack, then if it's slow (or heavy) then, you can go in for an attack as she recovers.
When you see an opening, opt for a heavy attack for a chance to stagger her.
The second phase of the fight begins when her health drops below 50%. Rellana will  infuse her Greatswords  with Glintstone and Flame elements. The greatswords will glow blue and orange. The boss becomes more dangerous and the moves become more difficult to dodge. The dodge frames become shorter and the Ao E of skills become larger.
Fire. The flame element creates the widest Ao E when using the Sleight of Sword - Fire. This also creates smaller rings of fire in the outer Ao E but they don't deal as much damage in the center of the skill. Ideally, you can roll backward three times to get yourself out of the area. Make sure to pay attention to the outer rings as you run to safety.
Magic. When you see her cast the huge Magical Greatsword, be prepared for the first downward vertical slash, this is immediately followed by a giant horizontal spin slash that reaches nearly the entire room. Make sure to dodge early for this attack because it has a deceptively wide reach. Roll forward to get a free hit on her if you get the timing right.
Another spell that she can use is the Glintblade Slicer that she uses when you're far away from her. This is an attack where she swings her weapon downward and sends a blue arc that tracks your movements. The arc varies in position, others are vertical, horizontal, or slanted. To dodge the Glintblade Slicer , you can run away to the left for the first two (if you're far enough), then dodge roll twice for the 3rd and 4th slicer, and then, go for a forward roll for the 5th one. This will allow you to close the gap.
After a while, this boss will use Twin Moons , which protects them from incoming damage and is closely followed by a plunge attack. If you get hit by the falling moon, you will get stunned and you will not be able to roll away to avoid further damage. The Pearldrake Talisman will reduce incoming Elemental Damage. Sometimes she will use Twin Moons at at close range or she will jump away to execute it. The distance will not make much of a change since you still need to jump or dodge roll (any direction) at the exact time the moon hits the ground. Te move is dodgeable.
As the fight comes to an end, the boss will alternate between Physical and Elemental Attacks. Always pay attention to her light greatswords, because this will tell you what her next move is.
Sorcery users can cast Terra Magica at the door before entering, then cast two Ranni's Dark Moon back to back for great damage, chill, and to reduce the boss' magic resistance. Throughout the fight, one of the best spells to use is Night Comet , as Rellana will (most of the time) not dodge it, and it deals great damage when cast while holding a Staff of Loss on the other hand. Radagon Icon 's increase in casting speed is very useful in this fight.
Incantation users can make use of tanky spirit ash summons to keep Rellana still. Meanwhile, the summoner can cast rot breath and swarm of flies from a distance. The goal is to defeat her quickly, before she uses the more damaging abilities in her second phase. It is possible to defeat her before she summons the twin moons. If she does summon them, remember to jump three times (a third time when she lands) .
Her fighting style and enchanted swords are reminiscent of Pontiff Sulyvahn from Dark Souls III .
Silver thrusting shield embedded with glintstones. Enables the wielder to attack and guard simultaneously.
Once wielded by Rellana, the Twin Moon Knight, during her sole entry into ritual combat—a demonstration of fidelity to the Erdtree.
The hat of Count Ymir, High Priest. The circular design at the top represents the Greater Will and its lightless abyss, imparting increased intelligence and arcane to the wearer. Though Count Ymir instructed Rellana in the sorcerous arts, he abandoned his allegiance to the moon. "It was merely the closest of the celestial bodies. Nothing more."
Ornate armor of Rellana, the Twin Moon Knight, fashioned from silver steel. Adorned with the lapis-lazuli blue that is symbolic of Caria, its radiance is yet to fully fade.
Talisman featuring a gallant portrait of Rellana, the Twin Moon Knight. Enhances attacks executed after maintaining the same stance for a certain length of time. Engraved as a reminder of the unparalleled devotion of those who left their homelands to serve Rellana. "By your leave, we will accompany you wherever your lunar vessel takes you."
Ornate helm of Rellana, the Twin Moon Knight, fashioned from silver steel. Rennala, head of the royal family of Caria, was said to have given her younger sister, who renounced her lineage to chase after Messmer, a gift of lustrous black hair.
Sorcery of Rellana, the Twin Moon Knight. Associated with a Carian princess.
Incarnate overlapping twin moons which strike the ground one after the other, violently shaking the earth with moonlight.
In her childhood, she and her elder sister Rennala met these moons. Overlapping, as though nestled against one another.
Carian light greatsword embedded with blue glintstone. Weapon of Rellana, the Twin Moon Knight. Two swords as a single armament. When two-handing, a straight sword engraved with golden flame will be carried in the left hand.
Here, and here alone, were moon and fire ever together.
Remembrance of Rellana, the Twin Moon Knight, hewn into the Scadutree. The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
Once a Carian princess, Rellana disavowed her birthright and chose to stand at Messmer's side instead, knowing full well that not even the brilliance of the moon could grant him succor. Before long, she became known as the Sword of Messmer.
Shattered linchpin stone. Raises potency of kicking and stomping skills.
Linchpin stones are spiritual anchors said to hold the ground in place and quell the fury of earthquakes—when this one shattered, the surrounding town fell into the broken earth.
One account claimed that the moon itself had come tumbling down.
[screenshots and artwork go here]
Radahn (nephew) Rykard (nephew) Radagon (ex-brother in law)
Rellana, Twin Moon Knight is a boss in Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree . She is encountered in Castle Ensis .
Born as a princess into the Carian Royal Family , Rellana is the younger sister of Rennala , who gifted her lustrous black hair [ 1 ] . In her childhood, she and her elder sister met the twin moon, which were overlapping, as though nestled against one another [ 2 ] . Rellana also had a sole entry into ritual combat—a demonstration of fidelity to the Erdtree [ 3 ] .
At some point, Count Ymir instructed Rellana in the sorcerous arts, though he later abandoned his allegiance to the moon. [ 4 ] In a similar fashion, she later disavowed her birthright and chose to stand at the side of Messmer the Impaler instead, knowing full well that not even the brilliance of the moon could grant him succor. Before long, she became known as the Sword of Messmer. [ 5 ]
During the search for Miquella, a Tarnished warrior fought through Castle Ensis and engaged in combat with Rellana, defeating her and opening a path to the Shadow Keep .
Rellana is an optional boss as she can be defeated in order to access Scadu Altus .
Needle Knight Leda can be summoned to fight this boss.
In the game's internal files, she is referred to as "Swordof Messmer". [ 6 ]
Rellana's soundtrack bears a melody similar to Rennala 's. [ 7 ]
Rellana has fully voiced cut dialogue. [ 8 ]

---

area: Jagged Peak
chapter: 38
name: Bayle the Dread
Bayle the Dread is a Legend Boss in Elden Ring . Bayle is the forefather of the drakes , a sworn enemy of the ancient dragons, and the target of Igon's vengeance. He is found at the summit of the Jagged Peak . This is an optional boss as players don't need to defeat it to advance in Shadow of the Erdtree .
See Bayle the Dread Lore
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Jagged Peak Summit
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
NPC Summons : Igon , if you have Igon's Furled Finger from his summon sign in the arena, to the left as you enter. He does not count towards the maximum number of summoned players nor increases bayle's hp. He has unique dialogue during the boss fight, although his equipment can be obtained whether or not he was summoned.
Bayle can be found at the summit of Jagged Peak, from the Jagged Peak Summit Site of Grace, head through the stone arch that leads to the crater. [ Map Link ]
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken
Damage: Standard , Fire , Lightning
Weak point: Head, Leg Stump, Bone at Wing stump (+50%)
Drops 490,000, Heart of Bayle
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 745 / 1035 / 1492
Scarlet Rot : 745 / 1035 / 1492
Hemorrhage : 745 / 1035 / 1492
Frostbite : 745 / 1035 / 1492
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
ER Shadow of the Erdtree Dragon Priestess Build Written Guide
The Best Tips for Bayle The Dread:
Recommended summons: Redmane Knight Ogha
Recommended armaments: Dragon King's Cragblade
Recommended spells: Ekzykes's Decay , Loretta's Mastery , Frenzied Burst , Meteorite of Astel
Recommended Talismans: Godfrey Icon , Blue Dancer Charm , Ritual Sword Talisman , Great-Jar's Arsenal
Bring Dragonwound Grease or preferably Dragon Communion Grease to more effectively deal damage Any weapon with bonus against Dragons will prove useful
Any weapon with bonus against Dragons will prove useful
Other items: Cerulean Hidden Tear in mixed Physick, to cast an expensive spell in order to end his first phase quicker. Other options include Opaline Bubbletear / Hardtear or Crimson Crystal Tear for survivability.
Bayle the Dread can be found in the crater of Jagged Peak. From the Jagged Peak Summit Site of Grace [ Map Link ], head straight through the stone archway, and Bayle will appear shortly after. This boss deals both Fire and Lightning damage, and when it breathes fire, the attack is a mixture of both elements. Bayle also leaps and flies around the arena, creating significant distance between you. NOTE : If you are progressing Igon's questline, be sure to use his summon sign inside Bayle's arena. Summoning Igon for this fight is crucial to completing his quest.
To tackle this fight against Bayle, you can opt to lock in on his head but your camera will follow all of its movements and make it difficult to track him. For now, there are no other lock-in options aside from its head. On the other hand, you can also focus on hitting the leg, without locking in your camera, to continuously inflict damage, but this will also prevent you from seeing what the incoming attacks are due to its massive size. This fight is a lot more difficult for melee users, but this is why you will use the Dragon Communion Grease or Dragonwound Grease to deal more damage by coating your armament.
Due to the fast movements of Bayle the Dread, it is recommended to take on this boss with Light equip load and pair it with the Blue Dancer Charm , Great-Jar's Arsenal , and Godfrey Icon . This gives you more i Frames and makes dodging easier on foot for melee users. You can also add in Erdtree's Favor +2 to further raise your maximum HP, Stamina, and Equip Load. This will let you dodge more frequently as you chip away at the boss' health. You can stay under its leg and hit him from there, as the tail doesn't have any hitbox as of the current patch (1.12.3).
Unlike other dragons, Bayle props itself up with its wings due to losing most of its left leg. This gives the dragon a hunched posture, making it harder to get underneath as you would with other large dragons. However, its head is more accessible for melee attacks, and both the head and left leg take additional damage. The wings can sometimes make it difficult to reach the leg, requiring an approach from the front or from the side. As with most dragons, using a piercing weapon like a spear, thrusting sword, pickaxe, or the Rusted Anchor is recommended.
Bayle has several attacks aside from its Fire and Lightning breath — Fatal Bites , Fatal Crush , Tail Swipe and a Lunging Claw Stab . During Maul , Bayle lunges forward to bite you repeatedly, potentially leading to instant death. To avoid this, be ready to dodge roll forward or to the side. Fatal Stomp involves Bayle hovering briefly, then gliding toward you and landing with brute force. When you see Bayle in the air, run away or dodge to avoid the impact. For the Tail Swipe , Bayle turns and swings its tail at you. When Bayle starts to turn, dodge roll forward to evade the attack. Finally, the Lunging Claw Stab occurs when Bayle hunches back slightly, and then lunges forward to stab with its claw. This attack happens almost instantly, so be prepared to roll to the side or forward, allowing you to close in for an attack.
Bayle also has several powerful Fire and Lightning breath attacks . One is an arena-wide attack, where Bayle sweeps Fire and Lightning from one side to the other. Another is an Ao E attack, where it breathes Fire and Lightning downward, covering a wide area. You can dodge roll to avoid both of these attacks. The last attack is the Straight breathing attack , where it breathes Fire and Lightning directly at you. You can easily dodge roll to the side since it doesn't track your movement. After defeating Bayle the Dread , you will receive 490,000 Runes and the Heart of Bayle .
Casters should avoid using lock-on except for spell projectiles that rely on a target lock. Bayle will frequently close the gap and position his body over you, which can make the camera erratic, making dodging difficult. Additionally, aiming for Bayle's head can cause spells to miss despite his torso or tail being in range. Sorcery users can utilize Ranni's Dark Moon to weaken Bayle with frostbite. During Bayle's phase change and large Ao E attacks, longer wind-up spells such as Comet Azur can be used to great effect. Faith casters can make use of Black Flame and Black Blade to whittle down Bayle's HP from a distance.
For Glintstone players, Shard Spiral is effective against large bosses like Bayle the Dread.
Bayle challenged Dragonlord Placidusax and they fought to a stalemate, leaving both severely wounded. This is shown in the expansion, as Bayle is missing the entirety of his left leg and also most of his wings. On Bayle's neck, one may notice two of Placidusax's heads still biting down, even after being severed
On Bayle's neck, one may notice two of Placidusax's heads still biting down, even after being severed
Bayle is part of a reoccurring draconic Boss archetype in From Software DLC content, which includes Black Dragon Kalameet , Sinh the Slumbering Dragon , and Darkeater Midir .
Solidified grease made from a gravel-stone mixture. Craftable item.
Coats armament, granting an anti-dragon effect. The effect lasts only for a short time.
When the dragons were born from their ancient kin, they lost their stone scales, which can now be used to cause them mortal harm.
Talisman depicting the dread dragon of the jagged peak, whose roars cause the peak's molten fury to boil and churn.
Raises potency of magma.
Bayle was the foul dragon's name — a terrible harbinger of destruction whose challenge to the ancient Dragonlord ended in grievous mutual injury.
The biatrial heart of Bayle the Dread. Dotted with horn-like gravel stones and glistening with deep-red liquor.
Gorge upon this at the Grand Altar of Dragon Communion to absorb Bayle's power. The purest form of Communion, in the words of its priestess.
One of the greatest Dragon Communion incantations. Harnesses the fearsome power of Bayle the Dread.
Channels the form of the dread dragon in right arm to smash foes with an exposed talon bone coursing with flame lightning.
Even after being consumed, the throbbing heart of Bayle continues to resist its subjugation, never weakening. One day, the fire within will consume the very body and soul of its Communion devourer. One day.
Channels the form of the dread dragon to emit a mighty roar accompanied by a heatwave burst, causing violent eruptions of fire in the area.
Craftable item prepared using a capacious cracked pot. A cocktail of red fulminating materials is sealed inside.
Throw at an enemy to inflict heavy lightning damage that links to surrounding enemies.
The ancient dragons who betrayed their lord to side with a tyrant were known for wielding branching red lightning.
Great katana with spines of gravel stone along its blade, wielded by the Ancient Dragon-Man of the Dragon's Pit. Has an anti-dragon effect.
Formerly a Dragon Communion warrior, the Ancient Dragon-Man was once arbiter of those worthy to devour the Dreaded One.
A record of crafting techniques left by a warrior who challenged the vile dragon Bayle, only to be grievously injured and broken by fear.
Contains details on how a mere mortal can fell a mighty dragon. Acquire the knowledge to craft the following: - Dragon Communion Grease - Dragon Communion Harpoon
Flower with an uncanny shape, coursing with hot blood. Material used for crafting items. Exceedingly rare to find.
A single flower is said to blossom—only once—from the hearts of dead warriors who oft partook of the Dragon Communion.
O Bayle, tyrant drake, do your wounds yet ache? Is your fury still yet to crest its zenith? Hurry, hurry, and lay it all to waste! Lay waste to the proud, the conceited, each, ev'ry last one of that arrogant lot.
Bayle! Vile Bayle! O terror incarnate! There is life in me yet! I will soon feast upon your heart! Mark my words! You too shall know fear! Uaaaaargh! Please, no more. I am sorry. I repent! Come no closer. Oh, the horror. Please, savage me no further. O-Oh… Oh… Please, no more… Spare me your cruelty… O-Oh… Oh…
Ahh, drake warrior, dear friend. Grant me this one wish. Take this finger. My finger. Scale the jagged peak. Face Bayle the Dread. And when you do… Summon me. Summon my soul. My limbs are limbs no more. My heart is twice-over filled with fear. But a drake warrior I remain. And my soul yet lies on the mountain. Proud drake warrior, I beg of you. Scale the jagged peak. Face Bayle the Dread. And when you do... Summon me. Summon my soul.
Curse you, Bayle! I hereby vow! You will rue this day! Behold, a true drake warrior! And I, Igon! Your fears made flesh! Solid of scale you might be, foul dragon... But I will riddle with holes your rotten hide! With a hail of harpoons! With every last drop of my being!
A-Ahhhhhh… B...Bayle… You shall know...fear yet...
Graaaaaargh! Bayle the Dread! You shall haunt me no longer!
In a long time past, Bayle turned upon the Dragonlord. The foul traitor assailed our master and inflicted a grievous wound, only to make a hasty retreat. ...Becoming a sworn enemy of the Brood. Since that day, Bayle and his bloodline - the drakes - have served as sacrifices for Dragon Communion.
Ahh, finally, our wish is granted. Our dream, long yearned for, has come to pass. My Lord was blessed with great insight. He saw in the insatiable hunger and fierce spirit of man, the very things that would fell Bayle, our wretched nemesis. Warrior, you soar with the strength of dragons. Whereas I am fallen, leave me be.
Bayle! Vile Bayle! O terror incarnate!
Bayle the Dread is an optional boss in Shadow of the Erdtree .
1 Overview 1.1 Enemy of the Dragonlord 1.2 Dragon Communion 1.3 Drake Warrior
1.1 Enemy of the Dragonlord
1.2 Dragon Communion
2 Boss Fight 2.1 Stats 2.2 Phase One 2.3 Phase Two
Bayle the Dread was a legendary black dragon who is said to be the ancestor of the drakes or lesser dragons. Long ago, Bayle betrayed the Ancient dragons and clashed with Dragonlord Placidusax . [ 1 ] Their vicious battle ended in stalemate and left both dragons with grievous injuries and loss of body parts, with Bayle losing his two winged arms, his pair of wings on his back and his left leg, with the dreaded dragon fleeing to the Jagged Peak soon afterwards. [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
As punishment for his betrayal, Placidusax created the art of Dragon Communion , sending his followers to shepherd humanity into hunting Bayle and his descendants. [ 4 ] As reward for felling the drakes, the dragon hunters consumed their hearts in order to gain their power.  Bayle was pursued by Florissax , a servant of Placidusax who sought to recruit mortals in the hunt for Bayle. [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
Dragonslayer Igon , a particularly obsessive drake warrior, was one such mortal. Igon faced Bayle, but was left broken in both body and spirit by their battle. [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
Igon was stumbled upon by a Tarnished champion , and begged them to summon his spirit to face Bayle once more. Together, the pair succeed in slaying Bayle. [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
If Bayle's heart eaten at the Grand Altar of Dragon Communion , his willpower will one day consume the body and soul of the drake warrior. [ 11 ]
If the player has not previously attempted Bayle in their current playthrough, there will not be a fog wall separating the Site of Grace from his arena, Igon's summon sign will not immediately be available--even if the player has acquired his finger --and Bayle will not enter until the player goes deep enough into his arena. Upon noticing the player, he will crash down into its center and will always follow up with his pouncing-bite grab attack . On all attempts afterwards, Bayle instead starts in the center of the arena, with no guaranteed attack, and Igon's summon sign will immediately be available if unlocked. Bayle's attacks include bites, talon-bone slams, swipes, flame-lightning breath, and pounces.
Bayle is weakest against piercing damage, Dragon Communion Grease , and Igon's Harpoons .
Bayle is stuck on the ground. He commands a unique power that combines fire and lightning damage. He is a
Once a certain amount of Bayle's HP is depleted, he will transition into phase two, where he sprouts flame-lightning wings and immediately soars into the skies above the arena. He will launch fireballs as he circles the arena for a few moments, then swoop down and crash back into the arena. His talon-bone now crackles with flame-lightning, and his slams now summon orange lightning in the direction he is facing.
Two of Placidusax's lost heads can be found still clinging onto the upside of Bayle's neck.
The ancient dragons who sided with Bayle against Placidusax wielded the branching red lightning . [ 12 ]
Drake Warrior Igon may be summoned inside the area if the player has received his Furled Finger .
Igon and Florissax will reward the player after Bayle is defeated.
Bayle is the only boss in the game who displays the text 'Legend Felled' when defeated who does not drop a Remembrance . Rather, he drops the Heart of Bayle , which functions similarly, with some differences. The Heart of Bayle cannot be redeemed for an item by meeting with Finger Reader Enia . Rather, it must be redeemed at the Grand Altar of Dragon Communion . The Heart cannot be consumed to receive Runes, nor duplicated.
The Heart of Bayle cannot be redeemed for an item by meeting with Finger Reader Enia . Rather, it must be redeemed at the Grand Altar of Dragon Communion .
The Heart cannot be consumed to receive Runes, nor duplicated.
Bayle's name is a corruption of "bale," which refers to a destructive and evil force.
Bayle's name and moniker "The Dread" may also be a reference to the dragon Balerion , The Black Dread from author and the base game's co-writer George R. R. Martin's fantasy novel series, A Song of Ice and Fire .
Igon can be summoned for this fight.
Some of Placidussax's heads can still be seen biting his back.

---

area: Shadow Keep
chapter: 35
name: Metyr Mother of Fingers
Metyr, Mother of Fingers is a Legend Boss in Elden Ring . Metyr, Mother of Fingers is a large monster that is composed of several fingers with two arms in front, and has a stomach made of smaller fingers, and is found in the Finger Ruins of Miyr. This is an optional boss as players don't need to defeat it to advance in Shadows of the Erdtree.
See Metyr, Mother of Fingers Lore
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Cathedral of Manus Metyr
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
Metyr, Mother of Fingers can be found in the Finger Ruins of Miyr after using the Hole-Laden Necklace to ring the bells in the Finger Ruins of Dheo and the Finger Ruins of Rhia . From the Cathedral of Manus Metyr Site of Grace, head into the cathedral and interact with the throne to find a ladder going down. Head down the ladder to reach Finger Ruins of Miyr and continue down the path to find a summoning pool and finger-shaped bell. Interact with the bell to reach Metyr, Mother of Fingers' arena. [ Map Link ]
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken .
Damage: Standard , Slash , Strike , Magic , Holy
Weak point: Belly (+50%)
Drops 420,000, Remembrance of the Mother of Fingers
Note regarding the below absorptions: Due to the boss arena being filled with water, all sources of lightning damage receive a 10% increase, while all sources of fire damage receive a 10% damage reduction.
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 726 / 1016 / 1473
Scarlet Rot : 726 / 1016 / 1473
Hemorrhage : 444 / 542 / 832 / 1289
Frostbite : 726 / 1016 / 1473
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
The Best Tips for Metyr, Mother of Fingers:
The boss does not immediately attack upon entering the arena, so use this opportunity to buff and summon.
Recommended Scadutree Blessing: Level 14 (See Scadutree Fragment locations )
Recommended Summons: Redmane Knight Ogha , Greatshield Soldiers , Black Knife Tiche , Dung Eater
Recommended Armaments: Black Knife , Rivers of Blood , Dragon Communion Seal , Carian Thrusting Shield
Recommended Ashes of War: Bloodhound's Step , Lion's Claw
Recommended Spells: Loretta's Mastery , Rotten Breath , Ekzykes's Decay , Swarm of Flies
Recommended Talismans (not build dependant): Spelldrake Talisman 3 , (build dependant): Godfrey Icon , Great-Jar's Arsenal , Shard of Alexander
(not build dependant): Spelldrake Talisman 3 ,
(build dependant): Godfrey Icon , Great-Jar's Arsenal , Shard of Alexander
Other items: Cerulean Hidden Tear , Opaline Bubbletear , Glovewort Crystal Tear ,
Metyr, Mother of Fingers can be encountered in the Finger Ruins of Miyr , you may find her by entering the Cathedral of Manus Metyr and interacting with the throne. Follow the path to reach a bell to interact with that brings you to Metyr's arena. This boss deals Standard Damage and Magic Damage , she moves around quite slowly but will sometimes leap around to gain some distance.
Metyr has a few attacks she does with her head, one of which is Kowtower's Resentment , where she raises her head until it starts to glow and then she smashes it onto the ground and after a moment, the ground will explode, this attack can be indicated when she raises her head briefly, the attack indicators show 7 lines in a cone shape from her head before they explode. You will be able to stand in between those lines or perform dodge rolls to get next to her to attack her there before she comes up. Another head attack of hers is her Gaze. While at a distance, her head will briefly glow and then shoot out a laser that covers a large range in the arena and deals heavy damage, this can be indicated when there are glowing rings around her head briefly before she shoots out her laser. You can avoid this attack by perfectly timing your dodge forward to get closer to her to attack her while you can.
Metyr's arm attacks are pretty straightforward. The first attack is where she swings her arms one at a time in front of her, this can be indicated when she spreads her arms out before she attacks. This attack can be avoided by dodging backward when she spreads her arms out. The next attack is her Single Arm smashes. Metyr will lean towards one side with her head before she smacks down her arm, this can be indicated when she leans her head towards one side, it would take her a brief moment of leaning before she attacks. You can avoid this attack by dodging to either side so that you can attack her from there or dodge backward to avoid the attack all together.
One of the Arm attack Combo is her Arm Ground Smashes. This is where Metyr will raise up both her arms and repeatedly hashing down onto the ground, the string attack will begin with her smashing the ground quickly with each arm, and then she will clasp her arms together, pause for a brief moment, and then smash the ground twice. To dodge this attack, you want to roll twice, just before the first arm hits the ground. This will dodge the first 2 quick arm smashes, then, pause here as you wait for her to clasp her arms together, and then roll backward, and then roll forward for the last 2 attacks. NOTE : There's a variation of this attack where she will do a 3rd arm smash at the end if you attack too fast!
A few attacks that she uses with her body are her Body Smash , Spawning Leap , Jumping Smash , and Finger Spawn . Her Body Smash is when she brings her arms close to her as she lifts up her body holding it up briefly then slamming it back down onto the ground, this can be indicated when she holds her arms close to her as she goes up. You can easily avoid this attack by dodging to either side and then attacking her from the sides. Her Body Leap is where she will bring her arms to open up her chest made up of smaller fingers and leap over you as she releases smaller fingers onto you which deals damage to you as well, this can be indicated when she puts her hands to her chest and quickly leaps over you. When she leaps you can quickly dodge towards the sides to avoid the small fingers. Her Leaping Attack is when she slightly crouches down before leaping up and slamming back down several times and dealing heavy damage, this attack can be indicated when you see that she slightly crouches or when her legs bend. You can avoid this attack by getting as far from her as you can. Lastly, her Finger Spawn is when she will open up her chest to release three Lesser Fingercreepers to overwhelm you, it takes her a brief moment to summon them so when you see the Fingercreepers appear, you may get as far from her as possible to deal with them first before dealing with her.
Lastly, Metyr's tail attacks, these attacks deal massive damage and can be fatal if you're not careful. One of her tail attacks is her Levitating Spin , this is where her tail orb starts to glow purple and will levitate her in the air, later using the force of her tail orb to knock you down. It takes her a while to fully levitate up with her whole body not touching the ground so it gives you time to prepare to either run away or to perfectly time your dodge roll to avoid getting knocked down. Another attack of hers is her Levitating Spin, she will levitate much higher this time and begin to spin in the air in her position then launch herself at you. Just like with her previous attack, it takes her a while to levitate up and she spins for a while as well before launching herself at you, so it is recommended to get as far as you can so the range of her launch does not hit you. Once you defeat Metyr , you will be rewarded with 420,000 Runes and her Remembrance.
Sorcery users can deal massive damage with Shard Spiral , especially if free-aiming the spell so it goes through its body. If you find the opening for it, Meteorite of Astel in melee range can kill the boss in mere seconds.
Incantation users can deal massive damage by casting Pest-Thread Spears in melee range. If you find the opening for it, Burn, O Flame can also deal massive damage. You may also use Ekzykes's Decay to inflict scarlet rot.
According to her remembrance, Metyr predates the arrival of the Elden Ring, as the Elden Stars description reads "it is said that long ago, the Greater Will sent a golden star bearing a beast into the Lands Between, which would later become the Elden Ring."
Remembrance of Metyr, the Mother of Fingers, hewn into the Scadutree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
The mother of all Two Fingers and Fingercreepers was in turn a magnificently gleaming daughter of the Greater Will, and the first shooting star to fall upon the Lands Between.
Staff fashioned from the tail-fingers of Metyr, the Mother of Fingers, and the microcosm raised aloft over the crux they form. Catalyst for casting both sorceries and incantations.
The Mother received signs from the Greater Will from the beyond of the microcosm. Despite being broken and abandoned, she kept waiting for another message to come.
A finger sorcery of Count Ymir, High Priest. One of the secret hallowed rites.
Conjures an image of a microcosm at a foe's feet that pulses with a single wave before disappearing in a burst. Charging enhances potency.
The broken and discarded are fully willing to cling to fleeting simulacra, earning them some modicum of sympathy.
The head of Metyr, the finger-mother, wielded as a weapon without modification.
From within the center of the fingerprint that wrinkles the creature's foremost protrusion, a tiny wart-like eye gazes vacantly into the beyond.
A finger sorcery of Count Ymir, aspiring mother of fingers.
Surrounds the caster with a mesh of hefty fingers that wards all manner of projectiles, whether magical or physical in nature, away from the caster. Charging enhances potency.
The dear fingers look after their mother, or perhaps that is merely what the mother wishes to believe.
A cerulean-colored talisman patterned after an Erdtree seed. Greatly boosts HP restoration from the Flask of Cerulean Tears.
The Erdtree seed of this talisman was presumed to be an object of myth. This age-old artifact also depicts the Two Fingers, perhaps harkening back to the birth of the Erdtree.
Light-pink mushroom resembling a wizened finger. Material used for crafting items. Exceedingly rare to find.
Used to by those who wish to become fingers to induce hallucinations. They call these mushrooms the stillborn of the Two Fingers.
Bolus engraved with whorl-like lines. Craftable item.
Boosts mind, intelligence, faith, and arcane at the cost of gradual HP loss.
A secret medicine of those who attempt to turn their human bodies into fingers. Ingesting causes something to wriggle within.
Nailstone with shining fingerprints floating above. Craftable item.
Uses FP to fling a magic nail that crumbles during flight.
The lampreys that guard the finger ruins resemble fingers far more than they do humans, and so the finger-weavers imitated their sorcery.
Do you recall what I said? That Marika, and the fingers that guided her, were unsound from the start. Well, the truth lies deeper still. It is their mother who is damaged and unhinged. The fingers are but unripe children. Victims in their own right. We all need a mother, do we not? A new mother, a true mother, who will not give birth to further malady.
May you join the glimmering stars above.
[screenshots and artwork go here]
- Staff of the Great Beyond
Metyr, Mother of Fingers is an optional boss in Shadow of the Erdtree . She is encountered after ringing the bell at the Finger Ruins of Miyr , beneath the Cathedral of Manus Metyr .
1 Overview 1.1 Shooting star 1.2 High treason 1.3 A New Mother
3 Boss Fight 3.1 Phase One 3.2 Phase Two
4 Notes 4.1 Speculation
Metyr, brilliant daughter of the Greater Will , was the first of all stars to fall upon the Lands Between . [ 1 ] She possessed a microcosm which allowed her to receive messages from the Greater Will. [ 2 ] Metyr gave birth to the Two Fingers that guide the empyreans and the Tarnished . [ 1 ]
Metyr was damaged and is possibly the source of the Ringed Finger . [ 3 ] She would never again receive a signal from the Greater Will. [ 2 ] The wisdom received by the Two Fingers was severed, and Metyr began birthing the aberrant Fingercreepers . [ 1 ] Although Metyr was broken, her Two Fingers continued guiding the empyreans without a word from the Greater Will. [ 4 ] It is said they presided over the birth of Marika ’s Erdtree as she created it from the primordial matter of the Crucible . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
Count Ymir was a glintstone sorcerer who became a finger-weaver and uncovered the secrets of Metyr herself. [ 8 ] He found Metyr concealed within the Finger Ruins of Miyr, below the Cathedral of Manus Metyr, still waiting in vain for a signal from her lord. [ 2 ] Ymir uncovered that Metyr's true power, and the guidance of the Two Fingers, had been broken long ago. [ 4 ] [ 6 ] After Ymir's young child Yuri died, his grief drove him to find a way to bring him back. [ 9 ] He decided he would succeed Metyr as the next mother of Fingers. [ 6 ]
Ymir shares the wisdom of the cosmos and a Hole-Laden Necklace with the Tarnished champion . He directs them to sound the ominous hanging bells at the Finger Ruins of Dheo and Rhea . Once both bells are rung, Ymir reveals the location of the Ruins of Miyr. Ringing the third and final bell will leave one's fate guided by the stars—and face-to-face with Metyr. If the Mother of Fingers is defeated, Ymir's hope is rekindled but the prospect of achieving his dream drives him mad. [ 10 ] He achieves a partial transformation and fails to birth Yuri anew, instead creating more Fingercreepers. [ 11 ]
Metyr is a monstrous being made from fingers. Her head resembles an elongated thumb, and her face a pronounced thumbprint. At its center is a small, wart-like eye from which she blasts pink energy beams. [ 12 ] Ridge-like wrinkles, forming fingerprint-like patterns, cover Metyr's head and neck. She moves about on four sets of four-fingered hands, 16 coordinated finger legs in total. Metyr has two long-reaching arms that terminate in four-fingered hands tipped with sharp nails painted red. She may use these to pry open her abdominal cavity when birthing new Fingercreepers. Her tail forks into two tail fingers which wrap each other like a spiral. Between them rests an orb containing a microcosm. [ 2 ] [ 13 ]
Metyr's body festers with unhealed wounds. Upon her right chest is a deep laceration, and her belly has been split wide open, revealing gore and the stillborn remains of malformed fingers. Several more protrude from large lesions on her neck and tail fingers, and her microcosm appears clouded like an eye with cataracts. The iris of her bloodshot eye is quartered into an X. [ 13 ]
Metyr is an optional boss fight that can be fought by the end of Count Ymir 's questline; after blowing the two finger bells at the other finger ruins, and returning to the cathedral and examining Ymir's throne, she is found in the Finger Ruins of Miyr , just beneath the Cathedral of Manus Metyr .
Metyr crawls around and can fire a laser beam from her eye. Try fighting her head-on. She punishes flanking during this phase.
Metyr summons her damaged microcosm and uses it to channel gravity magic. Be wary that she can fly during this stage, which can be troubling for some melee players.
Metyr's hands each look like a pair of Two Fingers put together.
The finger protrusions in Metyr's wounds resemble Festering Bloody Fingers . There are several different models, but they typically only have one or two fingers.
Metyr is the only boss that does not fade away upon defeat, but instead disappears into the microcosm once held by her tail-fingers. Metyr is one of the few bosses to survive having their health depleted by the player, with the first being Rennala . However, it should also be noted that the Gazing Finger weapon is referred to as her head.
Metyr is one of the few bosses to survive having their health depleted by the player, with the first being Rennala .
However, it should also be noted that the Gazing Finger weapon is referred to as her head.
The soundtrack for the second phase of Metyr's fight is reminiscent of the first-ever recorded sound of a Black Hole . [ 14 ] [ 13 ]
Metyr is referred to as "Finger Nursery" within the game files. [ 15 ]
It is implied that the Nokron Nox used the Fingerslayer Blade against Metyr. [ 2 ] [ 16 ] [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ]

---

area: Enir-Ilim
chapter: 34
name: Enir-Ilim
Enir-Ilim is a Legacy Dungeon in Elden Ring . Enir-Ilim is a dungeon exclusive to the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC. You can gain access to an area containing a sealing tree by defeating Romina, Saint of the Bud in the Church of the Bud. You can then burn the sealing tree by using Messmer's Kindling , which you can obtain by defeating Messmer the Impaler . Enir-Ilim will reveal its true form after burning the sealing tree, teleporting you inside of it.
Previous: Shadow Keep
Recommended Levels: 150 - Above
Bosses: Promised Consort Radahn / Radahn Consort of Miquella
Site of Grace: Enir-Ilim: Outer Wall [ Map Link ] First Rise [ Map Link ] Spiral Rise [ Map Link ] Cleansing Chamber Anteroom [ Map Link ]
Enir-Ilim: West Side
Enir-Ilim: Gate of Divinity
Promised Consort Radahn : Phase 1
Radahn, Consort of Miquella : Phase 2
x1 Golden Horn Tender
x1 Stanching Boluses
x1 Dragonbolt Grease
x1 Silver Horn Tender
x1 Messmerfire Grease
x2 Neutralizing Boluses
x3 Fireproof Pickled Liver
x1 Holyproof Pickled Liver
x1 Drawstring Golden Grease
x3 Furlcalling Finger Remedy
x2 Lightningproof Pickled Liver
x10 Lordsworn's Bolt
Verdigris Greatshield
Horned Warrior's Greatsword
Thiollier's Hidden Needle (Condition: Only if you pursue Thiollier and St. Trina 's quest)
Thiollier's Set (Condition: Only if you pursue Thiollier and St. Trina 's quest.)
Furious Blade of Ansbach
Horned Warrior Ashes
x4 Revered Spirit Ash
x4 Smithing Stone [8]
x3 Scadutree Fragment
x4 Redflesh Mushroom
x3 Whiteflesh Mushroom
x2 Somber Smithing Stone [5]
x1 Somber Smithing Stone [6]
x1 Somber Smithing Stone [9]
x1 Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Moore's Bell Bearing
Gesture: Let Us Go Together
Remembrance of a God and a Lord
Other Items in Belurat Tower Settlement Secret Path
x1 Scadutree Fragment
Divine Beast Warrior
In order to gain access to Enir-Ilim, you must first defeat Romina, Saint of the Bud who is located in the Church of the Bud [ See Elden Ring Map ]. After defeating Romina, you will unlock the Church of the Bud Site of Grace in the Ancient Ruins of Rauh, which is a few steps away from the entrance to Enir-Ilim. Head to the archway south of the Church of Bud Site of Grace, and you will find a sealing tree. When you interact with the sealing tree, it states that it cannot be burned without Messmer's kindling. This means that you have to defeat Messmer the Impaler , located in the Specimen Storehouse [ See Elden Ring Map ], who will then drop Messmer's Kindling along with the Remembrance of the Impaler .
Once you have Messmer's Kindling , you can head to the sealing tree to burn it, triggering a cutscene wherein Enir-Ilim's true form is revealed. After the cutscene, you will then be teleported to Enir-Ilim.
Once you arrive in Enir-Ilim, look behind you to find a body containing x1 Somber Smithing Stone [9] . You will then discover the Enir-Ilim: Outer Wall Site of Grace [ See Elden Ring Map ], which is right next to the spot where you were teleported.
Follow the path going east, up the stairs, in which you will see the Erdtree on the northeastern side. Keep following the path, then head up the stairs. Once you head up the stairs, a hostile Divine Bird Warrior will be approaching you. This enemy can fly, so watch out for its attacks. The staircase on the right is destroyed, so it leads to a dead-end. After dealing with the Divine Bird Warrior, head up the stairs on your left which leads to the First Rise Site of Grace [ See Elden Ring Map ].
If you go to the stairs heading up on the south side of First Rise, you will find a body that you can loot for x1 Somber Smithing Stone [5] . The staircase is destroyed, so it leads to a dead-end.
Return to the bottom of the stairs, then head to the hallway heading east-southeast of the First Rise Site of Grace. You can loot a body containing x1 Messmerfire Grease just right before the archway. Enter the room to find a lift, which you will ride going down. Go down the stairs, which then leads to Belurat, Tower Settlement [ See Elden Ring Map ].
Head southwest of the First Rise Site of Grace, and you will see an archway leading to a staircase going up. Go up the stairs, and you will end up in a courtyard. There will be a body on your right that you can loot for x1 Broken Rune . There is a room on the western corner of the courtyard, which you will see two Tree Shamans, one attacking you and the other praying to a tree. In the room, you will find a doorway to a staircase on the northwestern corner of the room. Follow it, and you will see another Tree Shaman. After dealing with the shaman, you can pick up x1 Rune Arc on the ground.
On the eastern side, you will find the continuation of the courtyard. A Greater Tree Shaman will be roaming around it, along with Tree Shamans praying in different corners of the courtyard. On the corner of the courtyard where shamans are praying, you can pick up x4 Budding Horn . In the middle of the courtyard, you can pick up a Revered Spirit Ash . On the northeast side of the courtyard where you killed the Greater Tree Shaman, you can pick up x2 Lightningproof Pickled Liver from the body.
Head down the stairs beside the body, leading you to the base of a tree with two hostile Man-Flies . Once you have killed the two enemies, you can pick up x8 Thin Beast Bones on the dead body that the two enemies were surrounding. Northeast of the tree roots is a body that you can loot for x3 Whiteflesh Mushroom . Two Man-Flies will land on you, which you can easily deal with.
Traverse through the path on the west side of the giant tree roots. When you walk down the path, a Man-Fly will be hiding behind a root, waiting to attack you. You can find x4 Redflesh Mushroom on top of a root nearby. Straight ahead will be three Man-Flies inside a room, praying to a tree. After clearing the enemies, you can pick up x2 Revered Spirit Ash lying on the remains of a humanoid tree. Go back up the courtyard to head deeper into Enir-Ilim.
Once you have found yourself back in the courtyard, head up the stairs on the southeast. You will encounter a Tree Shaman on top of the stairs. After killing the Tree Shaman, keep following the path until you encounter a Divine Beast Warrior .
After dealing with the Divine Beast Warrior , you will see a platform on the northern side with a tree shaman and an item. You can drop down to the tree branches below if you want to go there. Immediately after dropping down, you can loot x3 Furlcalling Finger Remedy behind you. Cross the branches going north to get to the platform. Kill the tree shaman, then you can pick up the incantation Spira on the altar. You can then return to where you came from, then continue on from there.
Keep following the path and stairs leading up. You can pick up x1 Dragonbolt Grease on the ground, but there will be a magic attack which seems to be coming from above. Sprint up the stairs, then kill Tree Mage responsible for the flurry of magic attacks.
After dealing with the Tree Mage, you can pick up a Drawstring Golden Grease on the ledge southwest of the platform. You'll notice another Tree Mage on the rooftop of the structure, which you can deal with by using ranged attacks or incantations. A Tree Shaman will also be patrolling the area at the top of the stairs. If you don't clear the Tree Mage on the rooftop, it will keep casting spells on you as you're going up the stairs. You can sprint forward if you have no way of dealing with the Tree Mage on the rooftop. After clearing the two enemies, head up the stairs. You will find bodies that you can loot for x10 Fire Arrow and x10 Golden Bolt .
Open the door at the top of the stairs to discover Spiral Rise Site of Grace [ See Elden Ring Map ] and pick up the Scadutree Fragment nearby.
The area just before the Spiral Rise Site of Grace [ See Elden Ring Map ] has a lot of loot that you shouldn't miss. From the Site of Grace, backtrack your way down the stairs, then turn left to find a set of steps going down. As you go through the archway, there will be a room on your right containing x1 Inquisitor Ashes . Go to the other archway just before the room, and you will see a staircase that you can drop down to that has an item.
Drop down to the stairs, and you can pick up x2 Fireproof Pickled Liver from the body. Head up the stairs, then look below the broken railings to find a ledge that you can drop down to. Look down on the southeastern section of the ledge, and you will find another area that you can drop down to.
Drop down to it, then follow the ledge going south. You'll come across a broken section going to an item. Jump to get to the other side, and you can pick up x1 Holyproof Pickled Liver . After looting it, drop down from the broken section of the ledge, then pick up the nearby item, which is x2 Smithing Stone [8] .
Follow the ledge going south. Be careful as there are pillars are blocking off some parts of ledge, making it tough to navigate. Keep hugging the wall just to be safe. When you go around the corner, you will find another area that you can jump down to. Jump down the area, then traverse the ledge going southwest.
Keep following it, and you will acquire x10 Lordsworn's Bolt from a dead body at the end of it. After looting the body, follow the ledge to the other direction going down, and you'll be at a broken section of the ledge. Drop down it, and you will land near a hostile Shadow Undead. Kill it, then pick up x1 Somber Smithing Stone [5] nearby. Go down the stairs, and you'll find x1 Fireproof Pickled Liver from a dead body.
To progress further, sprint jump down the window south of the dead body containing x1 Fireproof Pickled Liver .
Once you have successfully jumped on the window, head inside the structure. The section you are in will be inside Belurat, Tower Settlement. Head out of the room, and you will end up in a courtyard. Kill the Spider Scorpion and pick up the a Scadutree Fragment at the base of the covered statue. There are two other rooms that you can enter from the courtyard. The room on the east has a lift that you can take to return to Enir-Ilim, while the room on the south has a lift going down Belurat, Tower Settlement. Ride down the lift in the southern room.
After taking the lift, head outside by going through the archway on the southeastern side of the room. Follow the path by going down a staircase that leads you to a room containing Inquisitor enemies. After clearing the room, follow the path going southwest. Head down the stairs, and you'll encounter a Divine Beast Warrior patrolling the area. You can either fight it head-on, or use stealth as the Divine Beast Warrior is a formidable combatant and is patrolling in a way that you can sneak around it.
After dealing with the Divine Beast Warrior with whichever method you choose, head inside the structure then go down the stairs on the western side. Go down the lift, and you will arrive in an area with a bridge crossing to a door.
Cross the bridge, then open the door. You'll find a dead body by the altar, which you can loot for the Euporia twinblade.
After obtaining the Euporia twinblade, head back to the Spiral Rise Site of Grace to continue going up Enir-Ilim.
Head north of the room to climb up the stairs. There will be an opening on the left side of the stairs which lets you attack the Tree Mage earlier on the rooftop if you didn't get the chance to kill it. If you go back to the staircase, it will lead to a dead-end, so your only choice would be to traverse through the rooftop. Keep following the rooftop path by turning right as you exit through the opening. You'll encounter hostile large birds around the rooftop area, which you can easily dispose of. One of the birds will be hiding behind a corner, so be cautious of it. You can find x1 Smithing Stone [8] atop the roof near the part where the bird was hiding.
Keep going west until you get into an opening of a walkway. There will be another large bird guarding a room and a tree shaman patrolling the stairs. You can sneak up on the bird to easily dispose of it. Enter the room that the large bird was blocking to pick up x1 Revered Spirit Ash . Continue heading up, and if you didn't deal with the Tree Shaman earlier, it will be in this room along with another Tree Shaman. Deal with the shamans, then continue through the archway on the western side of the room and keep climbing the stairs.
As you get to the top of the stairs, you will find a room that contains x1 Scadutree Fragment lying on an altar. Keep exploring the rooftops, in which you will encounter a Divine Beast Warrior . It will use frost magic along with the greatsword they are wielding, so be cautious of those attacks. On the northeast side of the rooftop, you can loot a body to pickup x2 Sunwarmth Stone .
If you want to find more loot, go back to where you picked up the Revered Spirit Ash . In the middle of the stairs going up, you can drop down to a set of stairs. You can find x1 Silver Horn Tender on the edge of the staircase going down. Head up the staircase, and you will end up in a room containing Horned Warrior Ashes , x2 Neutralizing Boluses , and Stanching Boluses . Backtrack your way up by climbing a ladder inside the room southwest. Head out of the ladder room, and you will find a body by the ledge containing a Golden Horn Tender . Climb up another ladder to get on the top floor of the structure, then jump off of it back into the rooftop where you fought a Divine Beast Warrior using ice spells.
Keep going by jumping up on the rooftop, and you'll find your way back to the structure of the First Rise Site of Grace, bypassing the destroyed part of the staircase. If you head down the staircase, you will find a Somber Smithing Stone [6] lying on the ground near the part where the staircase has been destroyed. If you look down the destroyed part of the stairs, you will see a platform containing an item. You can go there by jumping off of the stairs. You will get to pick up x1 Gravebird Helm if you choose to go to the platform.
After looting the platform, you can jump on a staircase on the east side of the platform. Head down the stairs, and you will find an area with a lever that when pulled down, it will bring a lift to where you currently are. There will also be a doorway leading down to an empty room with a Curseblade hiding out of sight by the other doorway. The Curseblade will be quite nimble, so be patient while you're waiting for an opening to attack it. Once you have slain the Tree Dancer, there will be a broken staircase when you go through the archway leading outside. At the end of the staircase, you can pick up x1 Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone from a dead body.
Make your way back to where you pulled the lever then ride the lift going up. You will end up in a room with two Tree Shamans that you can easily dispose of. After clearing the room, head to the archway on the south of the room leading to a stairway going up. You will encounter a Divine Beast Warrior patrolling nearby the area, which is different from the one you encountered earlier. It uses wind attacks to complement their greatsword, and it can also swing its greatsword successively. Wait for your turn to attack it. You can even stagger it if you have enough Poise damage with your build. You will obtain the Horned Warrior's Greatsword after defeating the Divine Beast Warrior.
After you have slain the Divine Beast Warrior, enter the structure to discover the Cleansing Chamber Anteroom Site of Grace [ See Elden Ring Map ]. Southeast of the Site of Grace, you can pick up a Scadutree Fragment .
Go through the archway on the east side of the Site of Grace, going up the stairs. Keep following the path, and you will encounter Needle Knight Leda who will invite you to challenge her and her allies. You can summon Pureblood Knight Ansbach and Thiollier to help you in this fight by interacting with the summon signs beside Leda's summon sign. During the fight, Redmane Freyja will be summoned first, followed by Hornent, then Moore , then Dryleaf Dane . You will then fight Needle Knight Leda after all the NPC invaders have been summoned.
Once you have defeated Needle Knight Leda, you will receive Leda's Sword . You can pick up the equipment of her and her allies right after returning to your world. The bodies of her allies will be lying around the place, which you can then loot. You can pick up Moore's equipment - Moore's Bell Bearing , Verdigris Greatshield , and the Verdigris Set . From Freyja, you can receive Freyja's Greatsword and Freyja's Set . Hornsent's body can be looted for Falx , Hornsent's Set , and the Soiled Loincloth . Lastly, you can receive the Dane's Set and Dane's Footwork from Dryleaf.
Head east through the archway, and you will find Needle Knight Leda 's body containing Leda's Armor . After you have looted the place, head north of Needle Knight Leda's body and go up the stairs, leading you to a lift. Ride the lift going up. Once you arrive at the top of the place, you will see Ansbach right beside the lift. Go through the archway and up the stairs directly in front of you, and you will discover the Divine Gate Front Staircase [ See Elden Ring Map ].
As you reach the top of the stairs, you will find a boss fog that you can pass through. If you go through it, a cutscene will trigger, showing a familiar character that you have once fought. It is then revealed that the boss that you are going to face is Promised Consort Radahn . Radahn will be using the Starscourge Greatsword once again, even using an attack similar to the Starcaller Cry . He will also be using gravity orbs from afar, guaranteeing that you won't feel safe even if you are very far from him. He can also pull you or push you away from him using gravity. For a more-detailed guide on how to defeat Promised Consort Radahn , you can go to this page.
After you have defeated Radahn, you will receive the Remembrance of a God and a Lord . The Gate of Divinity Site of Grace [See Elden Ring Map] will also be unlocked. If you look around the area, southeast of the Site of Grace, you can pick up the equipment of those who assisted you in the fight. You can pick up Thiollier's Set along with his weapon, Thiollier's Hidden Needle , from his body. You can also pick up Ansbach's Set , his weapon Obsidian Lamina , and the incantation Furious Blade of Ansbach .
In the middle of the arena, you can obtain the emote Let Us Go Together. You can play a memory, triggering a cutscene. After the cutscene, you will obtain the Circlet of Light .
Enir-Ilim: Entrance Enir-Ilim: Cliffs
Enir-Ilim: West Side Enir-Ilim: Gate of Divinity
Enir-Ilim Walkthorugh Guide
Promised Consort Radahn Boss Guide
To gain access in Enir-Ilim, you need to defeat Messmer the Impaler to obtain Messmer's Kindling , and Romina Saint of the Bud to gain access to the area. Once you have defeated both of them, head to the sealing tree behind the Church of Bud then burn the sealing tree. You will be teleported inside of Enir-Ilim after a cutscene. After the cutscene, you can loot a body nearby for x1 Somber Smithing Stone [9] . Activate the Outer Wall Site of Grace beside you, then follow the path going through the archway. You will encounter a Gravebird Knight going down the stairs. Defeat the enemy, then go up the stairs to activate the First Rise Site of Grace.
Go up the stairs near the Site of Grace to obtain a Somber Smithing Stone [5] . Afterwards, you can head southwest then pass through the archway to get to the courtyard filled with enemies. You can loot a dead boy for x1 Broken Rune near the trees in the courtyard. Enter the room, then fight the two Cursed Erdtree Priests inside. Head up towards the doorway with a stairs leading up, then defeat another priest. You can pick up a Rune Arc on a small shrine by the priest you just defeated.
You will then face a Cursed Erdtree Shaman roaming in the bigger courtyard, along with priests scattered around the corners of the courtyard. Defeat all the hostiles in the area, then head up the stairs. You will encounter another priest which dies in two or three hits. Keep following the path, and you'll encounter a Horned Warrior approaching the area. Defeat the Horned Warrior, then look at the platform across the one you are on. Go there by traversing through the tree branches. You can obtain x3 Furlcalling Finger Remedy right where you dropped. As you get on the platform, you'll encounter a Cursed Erdtree Priest there. After dealing with the priest, you can then pick up the Spira incantation. You can head back dropping down, then going through the path you went from originally.
Once you're back from where you dropped to the branches, follow the path going up. You can pick up a Dragonbolt Grease by the stairs, but there will be a flurry of magic attacks. The one casting the spell will be on top of the stairs, so you can sprint towards the enemy, a Cursed Erdtree Mage, to stop the attack. After that, you can deal with the mage on the rooftop near the next staircase going up by using ranged attacks. If you have no ranged attack options, you can just sprint to the top of the stairs, then defeat the priest on top of it. Along the way, you can loot dead bodies for x10 Fire Arrow and x10 Golden Bolt . Open the door to gain access to the Spiral Rise Site of Grace.
Note : Right before going up the stairs to the Site of Grace, you can find a staircase going down which will eventually lead you to a room containing the twinblade Euporia .
After activating the Spiral Rise Site of Grace, head up the stairs until you find an opening to the outside. Attack the mage, then turn right to go to the rooftop. You will encounter numerous gravebirds as you explore the rooftops. You can acquire a Smithing Stone [8] from one of the rooftops on the right side. Keep going west, and you'll find an area with broken railings that you can jump to. You will encounter a gravebird guarding a room with a chest containing x1 Revered Spirit Ash . Head up the stairs, and you'll come across Cursed Erdtree Priests that you can easily dispose of. Go through the archway, then keep climbing the stairs. You can find a room with x1 Scadutree Fragment on an altar.
You will arrive in a rooftop section with a Horned Warrior that uses frost spells. After defeating the Horned Warrior, climb up the rooftop until you find an opening to the structure containing the First Rise Site of Grace. Keep heading up the stairs until you get to the top of the structure. You'll end up in an area with a lift, and Cursed Erdtree Priests on the corners of the room. After clearing the area, you can head outside through the archway. In this area, you will encounter a Horned Warrior using wind spells. After dealing with the Horned Warrior, go up the stairs to open the door leading to the Cleansing Chamber Anteroom, then activate the area's Site of Grace. You can pick up a Scadutree Fragment southeast of the Site of Grace.
Follow the path, then head up the stairs. You will encounter Needle Knight Leda, challenging you to a fight. In this fight, you can summon Pureblood Knight Ansbach and Thiollier to assist you in defeating Needle Knight Leda and her allies. After defeating Needle Knight Leda, you will receive Leda's Sword . You can then loot the bodies of her allies scattered around the arena to obtain their equipment, such as Moore's Bell Bearing , Freyja's Greatsword and Dane's Footwork , among other things. Proceed to the archway, then follow the hall until you get to a lift. Use the lift to go up, and you'll arrive in a room with Ansbach near the top of Enir-Ilim. Go outside then head up the stairs, and you can activate the Divine Gate Front Staircase Site of Grace.
As you go through the boss fog, you will fight Promised Consort Radahn . For a complete guide on how to defeat Promised Consort Radahn , you may visit this page. After defeating Radahn, you will receive the Remembrance of a God and a Lord . You can also pick up the equipment of those that helped you in the fight. You can get Thiollier's Set and Thiollier's Hidden Needle from Thiollier's remains, while you will get Obsidian Lamina , Ansbach's Set , and the Furious Blade of Ansbach incantation from Ansbach's Remains. In the middle of the arena, you can interact with a memory to play a cutscene. After the cutscene, you will obtain the Circlet of Light .
O tower of ours, hidden in shadow. O lofty spiral piercing the heavens. Lead him safely unto greater Godhood. And in divinity grant our salvation.
Enir-Ilim is a sub-region and legacy dungeon in the Land of the Tower .
4 Encounters 4.1 Bosses 4.2 Enemies 4.3 NPCs
5 Items 5.1 Notable Loot 5.2 Armaments 5.3 Armor 5.4 Spells 5.5 Spirit Ashes 5.6 Ammunition 5.7 Tools 5.8 Consumables 5.9 Crafting materials 5.10 Enemy drops
5.9 Crafting materials
The fabled spiral tower of the Hornsent and the location of the Gate of Divinity, Enir-Ilim pierced the skies with such a majesty that it even inspired a secret faith in the people sent there to destroy it. [ 1 ] When the Crusade of Messmer the Impaler took place, the tower was veiled in shadow. [ 2 ] As such, Enir-Ilim may only be accessed after using Messmer's Kindling to burn the Sealing Tree located near the Church of the Bud in the Ancient Ruins of Rauh .
The tower comprises an intricate network of spiral staircases and rises; it is the final area of the Shadow of the Erdtree main quest, armed to the teeth with Horned Warriors and Inquisitors.
After dispelling the shroud cast over Enir-Ilim and journeying downward through the tower, the main door to it can be opened from just outside the Theatre of the Divine Beast in Belurat, Tower Settlement . Enir-Ilim is the "tower" referred to both in Belurat's name and in that of the Tower Festival that took place there.
Miquella's Followers
Promised Consort Radahn / Radahn, Consort of Miquella
Sanguine Noble Nataan (optional)
Gesture : Let Us Go Together
Revered Spirit Ash x4
Scadutree Fragment x3
Scadutree Fragment x1 (backtrack to Belurat, Tower Settlement )
Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone x1
Euporia (backtrack to Belurat, Tower Settlement )
Thiollier's Hidden Needle
Lordsworn's Bolt x10
Dragonbolt Grease x1
Drawstring Golden Grease x1
Fireproof Pickled Liver x3
Furlcalling Finger Remedy x3
Golden Horn Tender x1
Holyproof Pickled Liver x1
Lightningproof Pickled Liver x2
Messmerfire Grease x1
Neutralizing Boluses x2
Silver Horn Tender x1
Stanching Boluses x1
Redflesh Mushroom x4
Somber Smithing Stone 5 x2
Somber Smithing Stone 6 x1
Somber Smithing Stone 9 x1
Whiteflesh Mushroom x3

---

area: Shadow Keep
chapter: 35
name: Shadow Keep
Shadow Keep is a Legacy Dungeon in Elden Ring . The Shadow Keep is a legacy dungeon exclusive to the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC, it accommodates the main army of Messmer the Impaler. The Shadow Keep is located at the center or the heart of the Scadu Altus region and has multiple entrances and exits, considering it to be a non-linear dungeon where adventurers will encounter many enemies such as Messmer Soldiers, Fire Knights, Giant Crabs, Giant Bats, Shadow Militia, Black Knights, and devastating creatures. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
The Shadow Keep location is divided into three sections, the Main Plaza , the Church District , and the Specimen Storehouse . Please click the links to jump to a specific section of the walkthrough.
Previous: Castle Ensis
Recommended Levels: 150 - Above
Bosses: Golden Hippopotamus , Messmer the Impaler
Shadow Keep Sites of Grace
Shadow Keep Main Gate [ Map Link ]
Main Gate Plaza [ Map Link ]
Shadow Keep, Back Gate [ Map Link ]
Shadow Keep, West Sites of Grace
West Rampart [ Map Link ]
Church District Sites of Grace
Church District Entrance [ Map Link ]
Sunken Chapel [ Map Link ]
Specimen Storehouse Sites of Grace
Storehouse, Back Section [ Map Link ]
Storehouse, Loft [ Map Link ]
Storehouse, First Floor [ Map Link ]
Storehouse, Fourth Floor [ Map Link ]
Storehouse, Seventh Floor [ Map Link ]
Dark Chamber Entrance [ Map Link ]
Shadow Keep: Main Gate & First Floor
Shadow Keep: Lower Specimen Storehouse
Shadow Keep: Upper Church
Shadow Keep: Lower Church
Shadow Keep: Upper Specimen Storehouse
Fire Knight Queelign (NPC)
Boltdrake Talisman +3
Pearldrake Talisman +3
Talisman of Lord's Bestowal
x2 Fireproof Pickled Liver
x1 Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot
x2 Holyproof Pickled Liver
x3 Shadow Realm Rune [5]
x1 Shadow Realm Rune [6]
x2 Rune of an Unsung Hero
x1 Well-Pickled Turtle Neck
x2 Silver-Pickled Fowl Foot
x3 Furlcalling Finger Remedy
x1 Lightningproof Pickled Liver
Queelign's Greatsword
Carian Thrusting Shield
Fire Knight Queelign
Ash of War: Flame Spear
Ash of War: Wall of Sparks
Ash of War: Swift Slash
Aspects of the Crucible: Thorns
x3 Glintslab Firefly
x2 Revered Spirit Ash
x13 Ember of Messmer
x6 Stormhawk Feather
x6 Scadutree Fragment
x1 Messmerfire Grease
x2 Strip of White Flesh
x1 Blessed Bone Shard
x10 Smithing Stone [1]
x8 Smithing Stone [2]
x1 Smithing Stone [5]
x3 Smithing Stone [6]
x8 Smithing Stone [7]
x8 Smithing Stone [8]
x1 Great Grave Glovewort
x1 Somber Smithing Stone [5]
x1 Somber Smithing Stone [8]
x1 Somber Smithing Stone [9]
x1 Drawstring Golden Grease
Strip of White Flesh
Vulgar Militia Armor
Fire Knight Gauntlets
Messmer Soldier Helm
Messmer Soldier Armor
Shadow Realm Rune [1]
Fire Knight's Shortsword
x1 Letter for Freyja
x1 Secret Rite Scroll
x1 Iris of Occultation
x1 Hefty Cracked Pot
x1 Messmer's Kindling
x1 Furnace Keeper's Note
x1 Storehouse Cross Message
x1 Domain of Dragons Painting
x1 Remembrance of the Impaler
x1 Battlefield Priest's Cookbook [1]
x1 Battlefield Priest's Cookbook [4]
Ignited Putrid Corpse
Messmer Foot Soldier
Fire Knight Captain Kood
Lesser Ulcerated Tree Spirit
The main entrance of the Church District of the Shadow Keep is located on the east side of the Shadow Keep. The direct path to finding it is to travel from the Church District High Road Site of Grace [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]. You'll know you'll arrive when you enter a large doorway and pass through a long hallway. At the end of the hallway is where you'll formally arrive at the church district and discover the Church District Entrance Site of Grace [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ].
The Church District is a flooded area, and the goal is to traverse the area by using high ground and finding a mechanism that drains the water. Please take note that falling into the water will result in death. Ignore the path on the left since you won't be able to use the lift until you drain the flood. Instead, jump across (using a running jump) to land on the roof of a building, then check the right side to find a small Crab and a body next to it that can be looted to acquire x2 Crab Eggs . Continue walking around the roof to find another body that's being eaten by a Crab . Loot the body to obtain x4 Thin Beast Bones . Continue south and you'll find another body being eaten by a Crab , check the body to find x2 Strip of White Flesh .
Next, jump on the floating log to reach a large broken-up circular platform. The path here is fairly straightforward, try to reach the opposite end by using the floating logs and wooden platforms, and make sure to loot the body on the circular platform to find x1 Great Grave Glovewort . Retrace your steps to the rooftop of the building where you looted bodies and killed the small Crabs , and this time, head west where you can jump across to progress (see the second image above for reference).
Once you're across, walk around the sides to reach the platform and loot the body that is guarded by Ignited Putrid Corpse enemies to obtain x1 Fireproof Pickled Liver . Jump back onto the sides of this building so you can walk to the top and proceed west where you'll have to do a running jump to safely land on top of another roof of a building. On the roof of the building, you should encounter a Fire Knight enemy walking around. Kill it and then loot the body that's near the spot where the Fire Knight enemy was walking to obtain x3 Ember of Messmer . Keep going straight until you reach a wall, then turn around to find a body sitting against one of the roof's structures. Loot it to acquire x1 Slumbering Egg [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ].
Next, face the east side of the compass and you should see a narrow ramp structure of one of the churches. Do a running jump to land on it safely, then walk to the top where you'll find two large openings or holes on the big roof. Slowly drop down onto the narrow structure that's on the right side, then you can walk down so you can safely run onto the other structure that is on the left so you can loot the body that holds x3 Stormhawk Feathers [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]. Go back and then drop down onto the opening of a ceiling (see the third image above for reference).
Below, you should immediately see yet another corpse next to a small Crab . Loot the body to find x1 Lightningproof Pickled Liver . Go around, northeast, and you'll locate a locked door, this is the Prayer Room that requires the Prayer Room Key , a key that drops upon defeating the NPC Invader Fire Knight Queelign , encountered for the second time at the Church of the Crusade [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]. If you have the key, you can unlock the door and find Fire Knight Queelign (NPC) in the flesh. Now, if you have an item called the Iris of Occultation , you can give it to the NPC, and after Queelign's dialogue, the NPC will drop a weapon you can loot. This weapon is Queelign's Greatsword . NOTE : If you give the Iris of Grace to Queelign, you'll receive the Spirit Ash " Fire Knight Queelign ". The Iris of Occultation can be acquired in many ways, one way is by obtaining it as an item drop from defeating a Lesser Ulcerated Tree Spirit located in this area after you drain the flood.
Exit the prayer room and proceed to the northwest doorway, but before proceeding further, be sure to enter the armory room on the left to find a body sitting against the wall. Loot the body to find x1 Rune of an Unsung Hero . Enter the hallway and kill the first Fire Knight enemy that you see, on the left side of the hallway, loot the body resting against the wall to find x2 Furlcalling Finger Remedy , and continue straight down the hallway where you'll encounter another Fire Knight . The room ahead is not accessible at the moment and the doorway to the right where you'll notice Marika's statue that has a glowing item in its hand is unreachable, so exit through the first doorway on the left side of the hallway.
NOTE : In the same hallway, there are two doorways on the left, the far most or second doorway will lead you to a lift that takes you to the Specimen Storehouse section of the Shadow Keep. You're free to roam here, but we highly recommend returning to the Specimen Storehouse after clearing the Main Plaza and Church District of the Shadow Keep. What you can do is enter the Specimen Storehouse, and activate the nearby Site of Grace (Storehouse, Back Section) so you can just fast travel here after exploring the Church District.
Cross the pathway where you'll encounter two Giant Bat enemies, then walk up to the short steps where you'll encounter another Giant Bat ahead. Jump over the gap, and kill the creature. Now before going straight, walk up a bit and you'll find a corner on the right. It's a dead end but there's a body that you can loot that's being protected by another Giant Bat hanging from the ceiling. Kill the enemy and loot the body to acquire x3 Hefty Beast Bone [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]. Next, climb the ladder next to a doorway to find the mechanism that drains the water.
You can also return to the hallway to get the item sitting on the hand of Marika's statue. You can get the item by jumping on the hand, it may require a few tries as the platform that you need to stand on is quite narrow. Loot the item to acquire x1 Scadutree Fragment , then prepare to fight a group of Ignited Putrid Corpse as you jump down. Behind the same statue, you can find the Fire Knight's Seal weapon [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
For some clarity, we recommend that you start by fast-traveling to the Church District Entrance checkpoint [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ] since you can now use the lift near the Site of Grace. From the checkpoint, go left, use the lever to call the lift, then step on the center to ride it down. You'll now be able to explore the open area of the Sunken Chapel. At the center, you will see a large tree, only approach the tree if you're prepared to fight because a Lesser Ulcerated Tree Spirit will emerge beneath the ground. Killing it will drop the Mantle of Thorns , and resting against the tree is a corpse holding x1 Somber Smithing Stone [5] . If you missed the Great Grave Glovewort earlier, it will have dropped to this area when the water drained.
The second Lesser Ulcerated Tree Spirit is located around the east area of the sunken chapel (see the images above for reference). Defeating it will drop x1 Iris of Occultation which (if you don't have it yet) you can give to Fire Knight Queelign ( see here ) in the Prayer Room to obtain Queelign's Greatsword . Also in the east area, you can find open buildings. One building houses two bodies that you can loot to find x4 Smithing Stone [4] and x6 Kukri [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ].
There is also building another where you'll find a pack of Crabs and Giant Crab enemies, one roaming around, and the other next to another body that you can loot to find x1 Shadow Realm Rune [5] . [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]. If you continue to go around this area, you'll reach the west side where you'll find the Sunken Chapel Site of Grace [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
Head north towards the entrance of the main church then immediately turn left to find a corpse by a corner. Loot the body to find x3 Shadow Sunflower . Clear out the enemies then approach the small room that has Marika's statue (the same statue where you got the Scadutree Fragment and the Fire Knight's Seal weapon. Make a right and you'll enter a large room. Straight ahead, you'll see some stairs on both ends, walk up to the upper platform and investigate the railings to discover a body hanging on top of it.
Loot the body to obtain the Battlefield Priest's Cookbook [1] , [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]. Walk back down the stairs and check under the upper platform to find a door. Open that door and you'll find another lift that takes you underground. Ride it to find and activate the Tree-Worship Passage Site of Grace [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ].
After activating the Tree-Worship Passage Site of Grace, follow the path going down, then cross the bridge. Enter the structure through the archway, and you'll find the Iris of Grace (you can give this to Fire Knight Queelign , see here ) if you still haven't obtained it. Go down the stairs on either side, and you can activate the Tree-Worship Sanctum Site of Grace [ See Elden Ring Map ]. South of the Site of Grace, you can find x1 Marika's Rune on a corpse sitting against the wall.
North of the Tree-Worship Sanctum Site of Grace, you can go through the boss fog to fight the Scadutree Avatar at the Scadutree Base . The Scadutree Avatar uses its tree trunk-like arms to attack. It has different attacks, such as uprooting thorns over an area. There is a dedicated page here containing information on how to defeat the Scadutree Avatar .
After defeating the Scadutree Avatar , you will receive the Remembrance of the Shadow Sunflower along with Miquella's Great Rune . From here, (if you followed the tip earlier by activating the Storehouse, Back Section checkpoint in the Specimen Storehouse) you can fast travel to the Storehouse, Back Section Site of Grace to start exploring the Back Section of the Specimen Storehouse.
Upon entering, look to the right immediately to see a noble corpse against the wall. Loot it to obtain x1 Somber Smithing Stone [9] . Proceed to the left side, through the doorway, where you'll find the Storehouse, Back Section checkpoint. Continue moving straight until you walk past a ladder. Do not climb the ladder first, instead, keep going straight to find some items. First, look to your left to see, another noble corpse sitting against a desk, loot it to obtain x3 Glintslab Firefly . Then at the end, you'll see a Fire Knight and three Shadow Undead standing next to another corpse, kill the enemies then loot the body to acquire x1 Carian Thrusting Shield .
If you look over the railings from the Back Section Site of Grace, you can safely jump onto the bookcases and drop to the First Floor Site of Grace. This lets you explore the rest of Shadow Keep without the need to fight the Golden Hippopotamus that guards the Main Plaza.
Go back and climb the ladder to the top where you'll encounter another Fire Knight and two Shadow Undead reading a book. You can sneak behind the enemies to backstab them. Continue to the right side and walk carefully up the stairs to avoid aggravating the Fire Knight, roaming the floor above. At the top of the stairs, turn to the corner on the right to find a corpse to loot x3 Fire Coil . Kill the enemies on this floor, then continue moving straight. You'll discover another noble corpse sitting against a small table, loot it to obtain x4 Rada Fruit , and go straight towards the balcony to find another noble corpse that holds the Fire Serpent incantation. Go back, and look behind the bookcase to find an opening on the wall.
Through the opening, turn right and you'll find another noble corpse sitting by the edge of the narrow scaffolding. Loot the body to acquire x6 Shadow Sunflower . Continue going up, and by the ramp, you should find another noble corpse that you can loot to obtain x1 Blessed Bone Shard . Continue going up and you'll arrive at the loft section of the storehouse. Activate the Storehouse, Loft Site of Grace before you proceed to explore.
Once you have activated the Storehouse, Loft Site of Grace, proceed to the lift north of the Site of Grace to go up. You will end up on beams above the Specimen Storehouse. This level will be filled with Giant Bats roaming the area. The only path you can follow will be the one going west, so keep following it. There will be a lot of ways you can walk on the beams, but the only way you can progress through this area is through the ladder. Pick up x7 Thin Beast Bones from a body at the edge of a beam, then go up the ladder that you walk past through just before picking up the loot.
After climbing the ladder, you will arrive in a new level. If you go to the southeast section of the level, you can find x4 Smithing Stone [7] from a dead body. Following the path from the south side will lead you to a pillar blocking your way. If you look down, you can find a platform that you can jump off of, and it will contain the Wrath from Afar incantation. Next, jump on the beam to the north, then climb up the nearby ladder to the west of where you landed. You will end up on the beam that a pillar was blocking earlier. You can aggro the bats here, so be careful when attacking as you might fall off of the beams.
You can find a lift in the middle of the beam going west with an item above it, along with a Fire Knight on a nearby beam which will be hostile if you approach the lift.
If you use the lift to go down, you will end up in an area with a Fire Knight facing the other way around. You can easily dispose of the Fire Knight by backstabbing it and staggering it continuously. After dealing with the Fire Knight, you can pick up x1 Rune of an Unsung Hero on the southwestern corner of the area. The area will be clear, and you can head back up the beams using the lift. If you want to get the item above, you can ride the lift, then exit it before going down. A second lift will arrive just beside it, then do it again. Jump on the roof of the first lift just as it is arriving, and you will be able to reach the item, which is a Fire Knight Hilde summon.
If you walk across the beam going west, you can climb down a ladder. On your left, just around the corner, you can loot a body for x4 Rada Fruit . Directly northeast of the ladder you descended on, you will find another ladder you can use to descend. You will reach an area similar to the Site of Grace.
If you head outside the archway on the northwestern side of the area, you will find a lift directly on your right. Take the lift going down, then keep following the scaffolding until you reach an area with a door and a lift. You cannot open the door yet, so use the lift nearby to go down. The lift will then lead you to the Shadow Keep, Back Gate Site of Grace [ See Elden Ring Map ].
This area leads you into two areas. There is a room on the east, just beside the Site of Grace. In this room, you can pick up x1 Scadutree Fragment . After that, you will see an archway heading outside on the north-northeast side of the room. This is a boss area in which you will be fighting Commander Gaius . For a more detailed guide on how to defeat Commander Gaius , you may go to this page.
Defeating Commander Gaius will give you the Remembrance of the Wild Boar Rider . It will also give access to Scaduview region.
The main entrance of the Shadow Keep is pretty linear, as you can follow the path directly from Castle Ensis leading to the main entrance of the Shadow Keep. Along the path, you will encounter Messmer Soldiers in encampments, so tread carefully. By the eastern section of the keep's outer walls, you can loot a fallen Furnace Golem for x1 Furnace Visage . Nearby, you can find a tent containing a corpse with x1 Furnace Keeper's Note . Return to the path, and you will find a big archway to a room containing a lift. This will take you to the Shadow Keep Main Gate Site of Grace [ See Elden Ring Map ].
When you arrive at the top of the lift, activate the Site of Grace. The area ahead of it is a boss room. Once you are ready to fight it, enter the room and you will encounter the Golden Hippopotamus . Its attacks have a deceptively big hit box, using mostly its head to attack. For more guides and strategies on how to defeat the boss, you can visit this page. After defeating the Golden Hippopotamus, it will drop x2 Scadutree Fragment and the Aspects of the Crucible: Thorns incantation. Defeating the Golden Hippopotamus will give you access to the Main Plaza of the Shadow Keep, allowing you to explore the whole area. The Main Gate Plaza Site of Grace [ See Elden Ring Map ] will be unlocked after the boss fight, so you can activate it now.
To have his revenge on Sir Messmer, there is only one place he will go. The black keep.
- Needle Knight Leda
Shadow Keep is a dungeon and region in the Realm of Shadow .
4 Characters 4.1 Enemies 4.2 Bosses 4.3 NPCs
5 Items 5.1 Notable Loot 5.2 Crafting Materials
5.2 Crafting Materials
The towering black keep, lair of Messmer the Impaler . Shadow Keep guards Scaduview to its north, the location of the Hinterland and the Scadutree . The keep itself has three main sections: the entrance's Main Gate Plaza, the Specimen Storehouse, and the Church District.
The outer walls tower over the Scadu Altus at a height of almost two-hundred meters. [ 1 ] Entering through the main gate guarded by a Furnace Golem leads to a lift to the Main Gate Plaza. The plaza is guarded by the Golden Hippopotamus , bristling with Crucible thorns. [ 2 ]
Shadow Keep, Church District
Shadow Keep as seen from the Castle Watering Hole.
One of Messmer's Fire Knights guarding the entrance to the Specimen Storehouse.

---

area: Gravesite Plain
chapter: 30
name: Gravesite Plain
Gravesite Plain is a Location in Elden Ring . The Gravesite Plain region is added with the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC, located in the realm of shadow. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
A somber plain covered in spiritgraves. The spiral tower of the hornsent lies to the northwest, and the entire expanse is marred by the harrowing ravages of war.
Gravesite Plain is the first region you will arrive at after touching Miquella's withered hand in the Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum . You can find the map piece by following the main road heading north.
Gravesite Plain is revealed with Map: Gravesite Plain
(See our Shadow of the Erdtree Game Progress Route page for more info.)
Gravesite Plain [ Map Link ]
Three-Path Cross [ Map Link ]
Scorched Ruins [ Map Link ]
Cliffroad Terminus [ Map Link ]
Abandoned Ailing Village
Artist's Shack (Gravesite Plain)
Belurat Tower Settlement
Church of Benediction
Church of Consolation
Northern Nameless Mausoleum
Ruined Forge Lava Intake
Run-Down Traveler's Rest
Western Nameless Mausoleum
Hornsent - At Miquella's Cross (Gives Cross Map )
Logur the Beast Claw
Redmane Freyja - Three-Paths Cross
Igon - West of the Pillar Path Waypoint Site of Grace [ Map Link ]
Thiollier -  near Pillar Path Cross, east of Castle Ensis . [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map here ]
Grave Keeper's Brainpan
Somber Smithing Stone (4)
Somber Smithing Stone (6)
Messmer Soldier Greaves
Messmer Soldier Helm
Beast Claw (Weapon) [ Map Link ]
The Sacred Tower Painting
Map: Gravesite Plain [ Map Link ]
Larval Tears (night only) [ Map Link ]
Greater Potentate's Cookbook (12) [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
Forager Brood Cookbook (2)
Forager Brood Cookbook (3)
Forager Brood Cookbook (7) : Requires having the other 6 of the other Forager Brood Cookbooks. [ Map Link ]
Demi-Human Swordmaster Onze
Divine Beast Dancing Lion
Rellana Twin Moon Knight
[other maps go here]
A somber plain covered in spiritgraves. The spiral tower of the Hornsent lies to the northwest, and the entire expanse is marred by the harrowing ravages of war.
- Map: Gravesite Plain
Gravesite Plain is a region in the Realm of Shadow .
3 Locations 3.1 Dungeons 3.2 Landmarks
5 Encounters 5.1 NPCs 5.2 Invaders 5.3 Field Bosses 5.4 Enemies
A vast sepulchral plain scattered with scorched ruins and ethereal spiritgraves, located in the south of the Realm of Shadow . The spiral tower of the Hornsent lies to the north-west of the region. [ 1 ] The Gravesite Plain borders Scadu Altus to its east and the Land of the Tower to its west. The region is strewn with blackened ruins of the tower-folk, burned in the Crusade by the people of the Erdtree. The soldiers of Messmer the Impaler 's army maintain a presence around the Church of Consolation , but are for the most part confined to the northern rim of the Ellac River canyon.
On the southern shore of the region, the Cerulean Coast and Charo's Hidden Grave are scattered with luminous flowers, massive stone coffins, and spirit worms. Farther to their east towers the Jagged Peak , looming over the Finger Ruins of Rhia and the craggy foot of the mountain .
Also known as the land of spiritgraves, the Gravesite Plain is home to many forms of the deceased. [ 2 ] Shadow undead wander the ruins of Hornsent villages and towns, and a ghostflame dragon resides close to the Abandoned Ailing Village . The gravestones in the region are so old that many of them have turned to spirits and begun to fade away. [ 3 ] The gravesites are populated by gravebirds , ancient golems constructed to guard the spiritgraves. [ 4 ]
The plain itself is primarily vegetated by spiritgrave grass, which grows from the berry-like Rada Fruit . [ 5 ] These bitter fruits can be used in the fermenting recipes of the Forager Brood and, in raisin form, serve as a spiritually-enhancing medicine. [ 6 ] [ 7 ] Like the rest of the Realm of Shadow, mushrooms of the Whiteflesh and Redflesh varieties can also be found throughout, serving as a useful material for stuffing Hefty Cracked Pots . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] The plain is always at least partially overcast and experiences frequent rainstorms.
Note: for sake of clarity, these lists only include encounters found strictly in the Gravesite Plain proper, not any of its sub-regions. For details on sub-region-specific encounters, see those regions' respective pages.
Painter's Soul ("Incursion")
Logur, the Beast Claw
Ulcerated Tree Spirit

---

area: Abyssal Woods
chapter: 37
name: Abyssal Woods
Abyssal Woods is a Location in Elden Ring , added with the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC. The Abyss region can be found east of the Gravesite Plain, south of the Scadu Altus, and can be accessed through Darklight Catacombs at the end of the Recluses' River.
At the east of the Gravesite Plain. A thick forest sprawls at the depths of the ravine that is untouched even by sunlight. Known as the sanctum of Sage Midra, and is a region forbidden by the hornsent.
The Abyssal Woods is a region hidden behind a dungeon exploration. To get there, you need to defeat Jori, Elder Inquisitor in Darklight Catacombs. If you haven't defeated him, please see Darklight Catacombs for the directions.
After defeating Jori, Elder Inquisitor , use the freshly-spawned Forsaken Graveyard - Site of Grace. Then, head through the arch to formally arrive at the Abyssal Woods .
Abyssal Woods is revealed with Map: Abyss [ Map Link ]
(See our Shadow of the Erdtree Game Progress Route page for more info.)
Divided Falls [ Map Link ]
Abyssal Woods [ Map Link ]
Forsaken Graveyard [ Map Link ]
Woodland Trail [ Map Link ]
Church Ruins [ Map Link ]
Somber Smithing Stone (7)
2x Scadutree Fragment ( Abandoned Church )
1x Scadutree Fragment (North from Abyssal Woods Site of Grace)
Madding Hand (drop by Madding Hand enemy)
Aged One's Exultation (dropped by the Aging Untouchable closest to the church )
Frenzyflame Perfume Bottle
Map: Abyss [ Map Link ]
Mad Craftsman's Cookbook (1) [ Map Link ]
Mad Craftsman's Cookbook (2) [ Map Link ]
Jori, Elder Inquisitor
Midra, Lord of Frenzied Flame
The Abyssal Woods is an area that is very far off the beaten path.
Start at the Main Gate Plaza in Shadow Keep . Progress forward through either path until you see the first Fire Knight . Do not go up into the Specimen Storehouse, instead search for a ladder among the glowing boats. Descend it onto a narrow walkway, taking care not to fall into the water. Go under the first waterfall you see and you will enter a room with the Domain of Dragons Painting . Roll against one of the walls opposite to the painting and you will reveal a secret passageway. Walk down the waterway and rest in the coffin to be transported to the Castle Watering Hole Grace in front of the Ruins of Unte .
Dash southwest, past the awakening Furnace Golem . Hit up the Recluses' River Upstream Grace and continue along the path, using Torrent to hop across the gaps and minding the Man-Flies that may ambush you. Continuing south down this path leads you to the Recluses' River Downstream Grace. From there, turn around, hug the right wall, and cross over to the platform with Greatbirds. Carefully look for ledges to descend down, picking up the Dryleaf Seal on the way. The Teardrop Scarab you can find holds a Smithing Stone (8) . From this point, going east leads you to the Eastern Nameless Mausoleum where you can fight Rakshasa, while going west brings you to another waterfall. You can also look upstream to find another Scadutree Fragment .
Descend down the waterfall by platforming across the gravestones jutting out from the nearby cliff face. Once down there, you can tackle two Hippopotamus which each hold a Scadutree Fragment . From the hippos' area, look south, and you will find several gravestone platforms again. Descend down until you enter a poorly-lit area and are attacked by Shadow Militiamen. Dispatch them, then look for the entrance to the Darklight Catacombs at the foot of the cliffs.
Alternatively, continue south from the Recluses' River Downstream Grace until you reach the Village of Flies . Be careful as the entrance is guarded by a Curseblade . Once you're within the village premises, go downhill into a drop down onto a ledge. Continue descending to the next ledge and thereafter, taking out the Man-Flies along the way. Eventually, you will make a jump across to a platform where there are Shadow Militiamen. Go across to the cliff face to find the Darklight Catacombs.
Complete the Darklight Catacombs, taking out Jori, Elder Inquisitor at the very end. The end of the catacombs will open up into the Abyss, letting you explore the Abyssal Woods in full. You're in the Abyssal Woods proper once Torrent dismounts you and the game informs you that Torrent is too fearful to be resummoned.
Torrent is unable to be used in this region.
At the east of the Gravesite Plain . A thick forest sprawls at the depths of the ravine that is untouched even by sunlight. Known as the sanctum of Sage Midra , and is a region forbidden by the hornsent .
The Abyssal Woods , also known as the Abyss , is a sub-region of Scadu Altus .
1 Overview 1.1 Messages Left in the Woods
1.1 Messages Left in the Woods
Below the rest of the Realm of Shadow , hidden under a sprawling canopy that blots out the light of the sky, a thick swampy woodland corrupted by Madness . Jori , the elder Hornsent Inquisitor , guards the entrance to the area at the end of the Darklight Catacombs .
The forest is forbidden by the Hornsent , as is the frenzied flame contained within. [ 1 ] [ 2 ] The woods are so harrowing that even Torrent refuses to be summoned out of fear. [ 3 ] Messages on the ground warn about beings lurking in the woods, creatures that cannot be touched and can kill one with a glance.
In the heart of the woods sits the ruined manse of Sage Midra .
The Abyssal Woods can only be accessed by navigating through the Darklight Catacombs at the terminus of the Recluses' River.
A series of messages has been left in the forest, along the path to Midra's Manse.

---

area: Gravesite Plain
chapter: 30
name: Scadutree
The Scadutree is a giant tree which looms over the Land of Shadow . It is the shadow of the Erdtree . [ 1 ]
The Scadutree is the shadow of the Erdtree, [ 2 ] and it was born of dark notions that bear no sense of Order, that twist and bend its stock, rendering it brittle. [ 1 ]
The Scadutree is holy but its gold is veiled in shadow and covered in impenetrable thorns. [ 3 ] [ 4 ] Due to its holiness the Scadutree is able to bless, although it has no influence outside of the Realm of Shadow . [ 5 ] Its splinters were collected, displayed, and prayed to in some Churches of Marika by the people of the Erdtree. [ 6 ] Even some of the remains of the warriors who perished in the realm of shadow were touched by the gold of the Scadutree, a blessing said to be the greatest honor that can be granted to the dead. [ 7 ]
For those who abandoned the practice of incantations after devout faith rewarded them with only despair, the image of the misshapen Scadutree is an edict: Spurn all that exists. Wound all that exists. For we have been abandoned. [ 8 ] Denounce their ways. Do them harm. For they have abandoned us. [ 9 ]
The scattered sap of the Scadutree pools deep within the furnace golems . [ 10 ]
Scadu is an Old English word for Shadow, meaning that the Scadutree is literally named the "Shadowtree".

---

area: Shadow of the Erdtree
chapter: 30
name: Scadutree Avatar
Scadutree Avatar is a Legend Boss in Elden Ring . Scadutree Avatar is the Realm of Shadow's equivalent of the Erdtree Avatar , but in design it resembles an enlarged Shadow Sunflower with two massive roots for arms and can summon thorns and conjure the Scadutree's light for offense. It is found in the Scadutree Base, accessible through a hidden path in the Shadow Keep . This is an optional boss as players don't need to defeat it in order to advance in Shadow of the Erdtree .
See Scadutree Avatar Lore
The Scadutree is the shadow of the Erdtree. Born of dark notions that bear no sense of Order, that twist and bend its stock, rendering it brittle.
This boss has three phases with three separate health bars. After each of the first two phases, it will become vulnerable to a critical hit; if you take advantage of this, it will start the next phase with 30% less HP
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Tree-Worship Sanctum
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
Scadutree Avatar can be found in Scadutree Base. Scadutree Base is located East of Albinauric's Shack and Northeast of Shadow Keep . Scadutree Avatar can be found at ground level in the Scadutree Base area. [ Map Link ]
Health: 7,560 HP (phase 1), 13,608 HP (phase 2), 13,608 HP (phase 3)
Parryable : Yes (Magic parry), No (melee parry)
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken
Damage: Standard , Strike , Magic , Holy
Inflicts: Hemorrhage
Weak point: Flower (+50%)
Strong spot: Stem Base (-66%)
Drops 260,000, Remembrance of the Shadow Sunflower , Miquella's Great Rune
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 421 / 519 / 809 / 1266
Scarlet Rot : 421 / 519 / 809 / 1266
Frostbite : 306 / 348 / 446 / 736 / 1193
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
The Best Tips for Scadutree Avatar:
Recommended summons: Omenkiller Rollo , Bigmouth Imp , Fire Knight Hilde
Recommended armaments: Fire Knight Greatsword , Mohgwyn's Sacred Spear , Spear of the Impaler
Recommended spells: Frenzied Burst , Flame Fall Upon Them , Pest Threads
Recommended talismans: Godfrey Icon , Fire Scorpion Charm , Dragoncrest Greatshield
Bring Stanching Boluses , Holyproof Dried Liver
Use the Flame-Shrouding Cracked Tear in your Physick (if weapon/spell inflicting Fire Damage is used during the encounter) Other options include Opaline Hardtear or Bubbletear to lower damage, especially in the third phase where the explosions deal immense damage.
Other options include Opaline Hardtear or Bubbletear to lower damage, especially in the third phase where the explosions deal immense damage.
The Scadutree Avatar is a formidable boss in Elden Ring. This challenging encounter is divided into three phases, each increasing in speed and difficulty as its health depletes. As a melee character, your main objective is to get close and target its sunflower-shaped head, which is its weakest point.
In Phase 1, the Avatar is easy to handle. The battle begins with its triple tree root ranged attack, where it sends out two spiked roots toward you upon entering the Scadutree Base. Dodge these roots and close the distance to deliver heavy attacks to its head. The second spiked root will arrive a bit later than the first one, so you should be mindful of dodging it. If you can get close to the Scadutree Avatar after this attack, you can attack its head to deal a lot of damage.
This boss will continue the phase with one of its basic combos. It will start with the quick left overhead attack, a slightly delayed right overhead attack, and another left overhead. Then, it will pause for a bit, do a delayed right overhead attack, and bury it onto the ground. After a short delay, the ground will explode in the area around it. To dodge this attack your move pattern will go like this:
Dodge roll to your right
Wait for the pause. roll again to the right, then roll right again
Roll as the delayed attack hits the ground, then roll forward (slightly to the right) as the ground explodes
When this attack is dodged properly, you can retaliate with a heavy attack at the end. Throughout this phase, the Avatar will occasionally raise its head and swing at you multiple times. It can do the Sunflower Head Slam , Sunflower Head Charge , and the Sunflower Head Grab . Be ready to back up and evade these swings. These are the basic moves of the Scadutree Avatar and you can dodge them once you get the timing right. Another move is 360 Sweeps and Swing attacks. This is a move where you see the boss spin in a static location while swinging its arms. In the first move, you will only see the boss do a single 360 Sweep, and there's a variation where there's a slight delay between the two 360 Sweeps.
For the special move in Phase 1, it will do the Area of Thorns , where it summons thorns in a large area. This move is quickly followed by the Land of Shadow attack where you see its head glow bright gold and it will cock its head backwards. The sunflower appears to gather like a holy light on its head, and after a short charge, it will explode, creating orbs of holy magic. These orbs will be launched as projectiles that can track your movement. These projectiles can be dodged by sprinting sideways (either left or right) and then dodge roll just before the orbs hit you. In the first phase, there will be 3 sets of projectiles that you will need to dodge, but later on, there will only be 1 set of these.
The first phase is slow-paced, allowing you to predict and learn its attack patterns. Once you deplete its health, the Scadutree Avatar will collapse, only to resurrect a few seconds later with 100% (75%, if it is finished by a riposte) health, marking the start of Phase 2.
Phase 2 introduces a more aggressive and faster Scadutree Avatar. It retains all its previous attacks and adds a powerful thrust move. Upon resurrection, it will immediately charge at you regardless of distance. It will do this 3 times consistently and you need to time your rolls precisely to avoid this attack. Adapt to its increased speed by counter-attacking after each move it makes. If the boss ends up at a long distance, it will do either the long-branch attack or the Land of the Shadow projectile attack.
The key is to stay close, dodge its attacks, and strike its head when it is down. In this phase, you will now see the boss doing a single overhead attack, but it will now conjure thorns at the end of its arm. Even the 360 Swing and Sweep attack will now get a follow-up move, where it will do the same overhead attack that creates thorns at the end. The timing for the dodge roll is still the same during this phase. The Scadutree Avatar will often leave its head exposed after an attack, giving you opportunities to land heavy blows. Maintain your agility and continue the pattern of dodging and counter-attacking until its health is once again depleted. This triggers the final and most challenging phase (100% health without riposte as a finisher and 75% when it is a finisher).
Phase 3 is the most difficult stage of the fight. The Scadutree Avatar retains all attacks from the previous phases and introduces the devastating Charged Light Explosion . This attack is its most powerful one, capable of either one-shotting you or draining 80% of your health upon impact. This attack consists of a long charge time and once it explodes, it will shoot out laser projectiles (javelin-like) that can reach you anywhere in the arena. One way to dodge this is first, you need to get the timing right for this one; a tip here is to listen to the sound cue and roll to the side at the exact moment you hear the explosion. If dodged correctly, this boss will drop its head on the ground for an extended period, and you can get a couple of free hits.
As you are nearing the end of this fight, this boss can resolve to do the Charged Light Explosion multiple times, up to three consecutive explosions. At this point, you need to get the timing correct so you can dodge it properly. If you're having difficulty dodging this move, you can try sprinting away and rolling backward, however, doing it this way will not let you get many free hits once it slumps its head on the ground.
Its overall movements are now very fast, requiring heightened focus and quick reflexes. Watch for the telltale sign of this attack: when its chest becomes stationary and glows yellow. When this happens, run as far as possible and lock onto the foe to predict the explosion beams. Keep dodging this attack while looking for opportunities to land heavy blows on its head.
Ensure you have a melee weapon equipped so you perform a critical strike on the boss when you defeat it so that it starts the next phase with less health. Even the most basic of daggers will work.
Sorcery users can negate the entire Land of Shadow attack (the rain of golden projectiles) by casting Eternal Darkness and running back, causing all projectiles to get sucked into the black hole. If you do not run back after casting Eternal Darkness, you will still get hit. Use Comet targeting the head of the boss to deal great damage. Optionally, equip a shield with low requirements such as Carian Knight's Shield and enchant it with Scholar's Shield to negate all damage from attacks, though you will still get hemorrhage buildup from those attacks that inflict it, and the boss should offer windows of opportunity throughout the fight to reapply Scholar's Shield. Optionally, use Vow of the Indomitable on the shield to negate some dangerous attacks, such as the third phase explosions.
Frenzied Flame Incantations are a great choice for Faith users. Frenzied Burst has exceptional range and high damage, especially to the head. Ash of War: Flame of the Redmanes is another decent option.
Depleting the final phase's health does not trigger the healing effect from Blasphemous Blade and Taker's Cameo Depleting 1st/2nd phase's health does trigger the healing effect, but it is delayed (happens few seconds after, probably tied to how fight is constructed)
Depleting 1st/2nd phase's health does trigger the healing effect, but it is delayed (happens few seconds after, probably tied to how fight is constructed)
Under the arena are additional copies of Scadutree Avatars.
Bug: If a phase is finished by a riposte inflicted after stance break, the Avatar will respawn in the next with max health.
Other notes and trivia go here
A large flower that blooms facing the Scadutree.
Material used for crafting items. Found near the Scadutree.
These flowers, veiled in shadow and covered in impenetrable thorns, are suffused with profound holiness—much akin to the Scadutree itself.
The head of a monstrous shadow sunflower manifestation of the Scadutree. Then again, it might be just a flower, wielded as a weapon.
Much like the Scadutree itself in appearance, a second stalk winds tightly around the first, almost as if in a tender embrace.
Incantation originating from Scadutree avatars.
Creates a hail of golden projectiles which are fired toward foes after a brief delay.
This incantation channels the force of the Scadutree's power, and its gold is accompanied by shadow.
A Great Rune relinquished by Miquella. Broken and bereft of its bounty, it retains naught but the power to resist charms.
Miquella set off for the tower enshrouded by shadow, abandoning everything—his golden flesh, his blinding strength, even his fate. All in an effort to bury the original sin. To embrace the whole of it, and be reborn as a new god.
Remembrance of the Scadutree Avatar, hewn into the Scadutree.
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the Finger Reader. Alternatively, it can be used to gain a great bounty of runes.
A splinter of the Scadutree that contains golden brilliance.
Acquired at the Church of Marika and other places in the realm of shadow. Consume these at sites of grace to bolster your Scadutree Blessing. The Scadutree Blessing bolsters the bearer's ability to deal and negate damage but has no influence outside the realm of shadow.
It is said that when the Scadutree crumbles from its core that it will scatter across the entire realm of shadow. The people of the Erdtree collect the splinters and use them in prayer.
Sorcery of those who abandoned the practice of incantations after devout faith rewarded them with only despair.
The caster wounds their own flesh using impenetrable thorns grown from the Scadutree, which then sprout from the earth. This sorcery can be used repeatedly.
The image of the twisted Scadutree is an edict: Denounce their ways. Do them harm. For they have abandoned us.
Shard of bone with a golden shine. Material used for crafting items. Exceedingly rare to find.
A bone fragment touched by the gold of the Scadutree, broken from the remains of the warriors who perished in the realm of shadow. A blessing such as this is said to be the greatest honor that can be granted to the dead.
Ceremonial staff depicting the Erdtree in its historic radiance. Wielded by the avatars who protect the Minor Erdtrees.
The avatars, emerging in the wake of the Elden Ring's shattering, were determined to protect the withering Erdtree's offspring.
[screenshots and artwork go here]
- Remembrance of the Shadow Sunflower
Scadutree Avatar is an optional boss in Shadow of the Erdtree . They are encountered at the Scadutree Base .
3 Boss Fight 3.1 Moveset 3.2 Phase One 3.3 Phase Two 3.4 Phase Three
The Scadutree Avatar is the guardian of the Scadutree , as well as the holder of Miquella's Great Rune after Miquella of the Haligtree discarded it.
The towering shadow sunflower emerges from the thick sap. It is blackened and covered in thorny briars.

---

area: Enir-Ilim
chapter: 34
name: Impenetrable Thorns
Impenetrable Thorns is a Sorcery in Elden Ring . It was added with the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC . Impenetrable Thorns wounds the caster to unleash trails of Scadutree's impenetrable thorns from the ground.
Sorcery of those who abandoned the practice of incantations after devout faith rewarded them with only despair.
The caster wounds their own flesh using impenetrable thorns grown from the Scadutree, which then sprout from the earth. This sorcery can be used repeatedly.
The image of the twisted Scadutree is an edict: Denounce their ways. Do them harm. For they have abandoned us.
Where to find Impenetrable Thorns :
Shadow Keep : From the "Storehouse, Seventh Floor" Site of Grace, head the center of the storeroom, after pulling the lever to rotate the center beams. Keep climbing on the beams until you can jump to a room with a Marika Statue in it and an archway leading outside. Once outside, carefully walk off the nearest ledge (you'll see a bat below). You'll find the spell on a corpse. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
Alternatively, backtrack from the "Dark Chamber Entrance" Site of Grace, cross the bridge and down the steps on the right, and it will be directly below you next to the sitting bat enemy.
A multi-trail darker variant of Briars of Punishment , shooting three trails of thorns instead of one.
Deals ( Sorcery Scaling x 0.63 ) Magic Damage and 1.67 Stance damage per hit ( 15.03 total).
Inflicts 17 Hemorrhage buildup on hit (Each trail hits 3 times, dealing up to 153 bleed buildup per cast if standing next to target) Bleed buildup is increased by Staves with Arcane scaling, such as the Albinauric Staff or the Maternal Staff ( )
Bleed buildup is increased by Staves with Arcane scaling, such as the Albinauric Staff or the Maternal Staff ( )
Medium to long range. Each trail has moderate tracking.
Costs 50 HP to cast and adds 25 Hemorrhage buildup to the caster.
Can't be used while riding.
Alberich's Set boosts damage by 18%.
Staff of the Guilty boosts damage by 20%. Another staff copy wielded in the offhand adds further damage boost.
Compared to Briars of Punishment , Impenetrable Thorns has a wider radius and can be used for crowd control or against a single large target at medium range. However, it has a less consistent damage output and hitbox while attacking enemies from a different height or a sloped terrain.
NOTE: Patch 1.13 : Heavily changed the Spell:
All trails now track enemies (Used to be only the middle trail)
Magic Damage has been drastically decreased (125 > 63)
Bleed buildup has been drastically decreased (72 > 17)
Damage and Bleed buildup has been drastically decreased against blocking enemies.
PVP Damage Multiplier has been decreased (1.0 > 0.8)
PVE Stamina Damage has been decreased (50 > 10)
PVP Stamina Damage has been decreased (62 > 12)
PVE Poise Damage has been decreased (5 > 1.67)
PVP Poise Damage has been decreased (67.5 > 22.5)
Impenetrable Thorns (spell)

---

area: Gravesite Plain
chapter: 30
name: Land of Shadow
Land of Shadow is a new Location in Elden Ring . In the upcoming Elden Ring Shadow of the Erdtree DLC players will explore a new area called the Land of Shadow . This expansion introduces a fresh map separate from the familiar Lands Between, offering a distinct and immersive experience. In Shadow of the Erdtree DLC , players are led by Empyrean Miquella to the Land of Shadow , an enigmatic realm shrouded by the Erdtree's shadow. This is where the goddess Marika first made her presence known. The Land of Shadow holds many secrets that players will uncover as they meet others who, like Miquella, tread its lands with their own agendas. According to Hidetaka Miyazaki, the new area has roughly the size of Limgrave .
The Land of Shadow. A place obscured by the Erdtree.
Where the goddess Marika first set foot.
A land purged in an unsung battle.
Set ablaze by Messmer’s flame.
It was to this land that Miquella departed.
Divesting himself of his flesh, his strength, his lineage.
Of all things Golden.
And now Miquella awaits the return of his promised Lord.
Shadow of the Erdtree Release Date Trailer Impressions
The Elden Ring Land of Shadow has been confirmed to occupy the same space as the Lands Between but has been physically disconnected. Players will need to use a warp to access this area.
The entrance to the Land of Shadow is located within Mohg's blood-soaked boss arena, specifically at the iconic cocoon in the back. This entrance connects to Mohgwyn Palace , serving as the starting point for players venturing into the Land of Shadow . The Elden Ring Land of Shadow is a completely new location, different from the Lands Between, and is characterized by the unique presence of the Shadow of the Erdtree . This land is physically separated from the Lands Between, requiring a special means of travel. Players can expect a similar structure of exploration in the Shadow of the Erdtree Land of Shadow.
Land of Shadow is a mysterious and dark realm obscured by the Erdtree, where the goddess Marika first set foot. It is a place filled with secrets and dangers, with vast maps, dungeons, and enemies to encounter. The lore behind this DLC suggests that players will explore the Land of Shadow guided by Empyrean Miquella, meeting others who follow him with their own motives.
__fragmentname__ : Fragment Location goes here
[overall map goes here]
Sites of Grace go here
Sub-Locations go here
Merchant Name - Location
Gatherable Items go here
Insert Upgrade Materials here
Equipment and Magic goes Here
List Uniques, Ashes and Keys here
Regular Enemies and Creatures go here
List Field Bosses and regular Bosses here
[other maps go here]
Sunlight feels all the warmer in darkened lands.
The Realm of Shadow (影の地, Kage no Chi ), also known as the Land of Shadow , is a veiled domain in the universe of ELDEN RING (2022) . It is the setting of the expansion Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree .
1 Overview 1.1 Access
A forbidden realm, hidden from view and excised from the annals of history. [ 1 ] The Realm of Shadow lies veiled in the Shadow of the Erdtree , known as the Scadutree . [ 2 ] It is the homeland of a people called the Hornsent ; before the realm was enshrouded, the vitality of the Crucible , the primordial form of the Erdtree, flourished. [ 3 ] [ 4 ] The Crucible is sacred to the Hornsent and is central to their culture. [ 5 ] The Realm of Shadow is also where the goddess Marika first set foot, and the place to which Miquella of the Haligtree departed, divesting himself of his flesh, his strength, his lineage, and all things golden.
Long ago, before the Shattering , the Realm of Shadow was set ablaze in a Crusade carried out by Messmer the Impaler on the orders of his mother, Queen Marika. [ 6 ] Messmer's forces sought to impale and immolate all those deemed impure. [ 7 ] At some point, however, Marika severed all ties with Messmer, and the Land of Shadow was hidden under the Scadutree to conceal all evidence of the purge. [ 8 ]
The Realm of Shadow is at the center of The Lands Between , a converging point for Death in all its forms. [ 9 ]
The Realm of Shadow is accessible to the Tarnished only after defeating Starscourge Radahn in the Wailing Dunes of Caelid and Mohg, Lord of Blood at the Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum in the eastern Siofra River region. After defeating both of these demigods, the Needle Knight Leda appears near the Cocoon of the Empyrean in Mohg's boss arena. She tells the Tarnished to touch the withered arm in the cocoon, which will transport them to the Realm of Shadow.
After contacting the arm, the Tarnished emerges in a grotto under the Church of Benediction in the Gravesite Plain , with the Realm of Shadow free to explore.
The Realm of Shadow may be described as an island or a continent. Smaller islands are visible to the south, east, and west. Beyond those lie unnamed seas.
The topography of the realm is complex, characterized by many overlapping levels of verticality. Significant portions of the continent have no in-game map since they are located directly below others and therefore obscured. In general, the continent can be considered as a network of multi-layered plateaus separated by river canyons.
Much like its counterpart, the coasts of the Realm of Shadow consist mostly of near-vertical, extremely high cliffs. There are beaches along the Cerulean Coast , however.
Based on game engine measurements, the area depicted in the map of the Realm of Shadow covers almost twenty-nine square kilometers (about six kilometers from north to south and five kilometers from east to west.) The area of the actual landmass, not including vertical layering, is about eight square kilometers. At this size, the landmass as it stands is larger than the bay at the center of the Lands Between. [ 10 ] The lands' relative sizes have changed in the millennia since the Shattering .
List of Regions with Sub-Regions and Major Dungeons
Gravesite Plain Castle Ensis (dungeon) Cerulean Coast Charo's Hidden Grave Stone Coffin Fissure (dungeon) Foot of the Jagged Peak Jagged Peak
Castle Ensis (dungeon)
Charo's Hidden Grave
Stone Coffin Fissure (dungeon)
Foot of the Jagged Peak
Land of the Tower Belurat, Tower Settlement (dungeon) Enir-Ilim (dungeon) Ancient Ruins of Rauh Rauh Base
Belurat, Tower Settlement (dungeon)
Ancient Ruins of Rauh
Scadu Altus Abyssal Woods Midra's Manse (dungeon)
Midra's Manse (dungeon)
Shadow Keep Specimen Storehouse (dungeon) Shadow Keep, Church District (dungeon) Scaduview
Specimen Storehouse (dungeon)
Shadow Keep, Church District (dungeon)
Miquella departed to the Realm of Shadow.
Followers of Miquella journeyed to the Realm of Shadow, following in his footsteps.
The Scadutree is the Shadow of the Erdtree.

---

area: Jagged Peak
chapter: 38
name: Jagged Peak
Jagged Peak is a Location in Elden Ring , added with the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC. The Jagged Peak is a mountainous region southeast of Gravesite Plain. You can reach this region by heading southeast from Castle Front, enter the Castle Front, and then head east and pass through Dragon's Pit . [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
An area rifled with powerful dragons.
You can reach this area after defeating the Ancient Dragon-Man in Dragon's Pit. If you haven't defeated the boss yet, please see Dragon's Pit
After defeating the boss, follow the tunnel until you reach the exit. Once you emerge, you can activate the Dragon's Pit Terminus Site of Grace [ See it in the Elden Ring Map ]. Head southeast and go past the area where the lone Jagged Peak Drake is, you can sprint past this boss while riding Torrent. Head north and pass through the pillars. This will take you to the cliff of a mountain. Use the Spiritspring at the end of this path, then veer right and cross the bridge. Then, you will arrive at the Foot of the Jagged Peak - Site of Grace, which is part of the Jagged Peak region.
Jagged Peak Map is revealed by Map: Southern Shore [ Map Link ]
(See our Shadow of the Erdtree Game Progress Route page for more info.)
Grand Altar of Dragon Communion [ Map Link ]
Dragon's Pit Terminus [ Map Link ]
Foot of the Jagged Peak [ Map Link ]
Jagged Peak Mountainside [ Map Link ]
Jagged Peak Summit [ Map Link ]
Rest of the Dread Dragon [ Map Link ]
Foot of the Jagged Peak
Grand Altar of Dragon Communion
Igon [ See SOTE Elden Ring DLC Map ]
Bayle the Dread Boss Guide
Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Greater Potentate's Cookbook (6)
Domain of Dragons Painting
Igon's Furled Finger
Regular Enemies and Creatures go here
Ancient Dragon Senessax
[other maps go here]
To the east, the jagged peak thrusts upward into the clouds.
- Map: Southern Shore
Jagged Peak is a sub-region of the Gravesite Plain .
Visible from the rest of the Realm of Shadow, the great mountain can be seen dominating the skyline. The closer one gets to the mountain, the more dangerous and wild the storms become, and red lightning strikes the steep slopes and sharp stones.  The area is home to many powerful dragons and drakes, and their corpses can be seen in great number littering the mountain's sides. At the top is a legendary and feared dragon , whose rage against the Dragonlord remains potent and destructive.
The Jagged Peak can be reached through the Dragon's Pit after slaying the Ancient Dragon-Man and passing through the Dragon's Pit Terminus. In the foothills of the mountain is the Grand Altar of Dragon Communion , where the Dragon Communion Priestess explains the purpose and history of the occult ritual. The corpse of a colossal drake towers over the Grand Altar; walking across its body leads to Charo's Hidden Grave .
The Jagged Peak can be seen from most elevated points in the Realm of Shadow .
The peak as seen from the Ancient Ruins of Rauh .
The peak as seen from Enir-Ilim .
The peak as seen from Foot of the Jagged Peak .

---

area: Ancient Ruins of Rauh
chapter: 36
name: Ancient Ruins of Rauh
Ancient Ruins of Rauh (Rauh Ruins) is a Location in Elden Ring . The Ancient Ruins of Rauh region are added with the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC, located north of Gravesite Plain, west of Scadu Atlus. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ] It can only be accessed to its entirely by traveling through the Shadow Keep .
These giant ruins are flooded, overgrown, and split into two by a chasm. To the southwest is the Church of the Bud, overlooking the tower of shadow.
From the Shadow Keep, West Rampart - Site of Grace, head west and enter through the small archway on the right side of the bridge. Ride Torrent here as you sprint past the enemies. Once you reach the other side, look for the spiral stairs, and then use the elevator to reach the Ancient Ruins of Rauh .
Ancient Ruins of Rauh is revealed with the Map: Rauh Ruins which can be obtained near Temple Town Ruins in Rauh Base .
(See our Shadow of the Erdtree Game Progress Route page for more info.)
Rauh Ancient Ruins, East [ Map Link ]
Rauh Ancient Ruins, West  [ Map Link ]
Viaduct Minor Tower [ Map Link ]
Church of the Bud, Main Entrance [ Map Link ]
Church of the Bud [ Map Link ]
Ancient Ruins, Grand Stairway [ Map Link ]
Hornsent (optional invasion)
Immunizing Cured Meat
Shadow Realm Rune (5)
Shadow Realm Rune (6)
Shadow Realm Rune (7)
Somber Smithing Stone (6)
Somber Smithing Stone (8)
Somber Smithing Stone (9)
Great Ghost Glovewort
Talisman of All Crucibles
Stone-Sheathed Sword (On a tower connected with an invisible floor, interact with the altar. If the sword is already found, interact with the other 2 altars at Fog Rift Catacombs (on top of the 3 trap platforms and run to the furthest right corner), Ruins of Unte (flowery courtyard) can transform it into Sword of Light or Sword of Darkness )
Fine Crucible Feather Talisman
Crucible Hammer-Helm
Divine Bird Feathers
Antiquity Scholar's Cookbook (2)
Ash of War: Dryleaf Whirlwind
Spider Scorpion Ashes
Remembrance of the Saint of the Bud
Lesser Kindred of Rot (Scarlet Rot)
Devonia, Crucible Knight
Furnace Golem [ Elden Ring Shadow of the Erdtree Map Link ] [ Video Link ]
Divine Beast Dancing Lion (field version)
Romina Saint of the Bud
To access this area, you need to unlock the West Rampart - Site of Grace in Shadow Keep. If you haven't unlocked this section, please see Shadow Keep or the Shadow of the Erdtree Walkthrough for the full walkthrough on how to reach the area.
From the Site of Grace, enter through the small archway on the right side of the bridge. It is recommended to ride Torrent here as you cross the bridge so you can move faster and loot as you travel. There will be giant bats on this bridge but you will move fast enough and they shouldn't be able to reach you. You will find bootable corpses here, the first one to the left which is a Smithing Stone [3] . Up ahead, you can loot more 3x Beast Liver , 3x Beast Blood , Smithing Stone [4] , 5x Redflesh Mushroom , 8x Thin Beast Bones , and a Somber Smithing Stone [2] .
At the other end of this bridge, you will encounter a Fire Knight wearing a red cloak. It wields dual daggers and can cast fire magic and will drop Salza's Hood and Rain of Fire upon defeating it.
Go inside the building behind the enemy you just defeated and take the Somber Smithing Stone [8] from the corpse on the corner. Take the spiral stairs next to it and you will reach an elevator at the top. This will take you to a new gate and then, interact with the Viaduct Minor Tower - Site of Grace here.
The southern area of the Ancient Ruins of Rauh covers exploring the parts near the Site of Grace. This includes the area below you that is accessible via the elevator in the small pond.
Go through the archway and go to the right side. Stick to the wall and go ride past the thick greenery here. You will go around this building and at the back, you can pick up the Golden Horn Tender . Go back the same way you came from, return to the entrance side, and head southeast past the small pond. You can see some boar creatures hanging out here and go behind this tree. Look for the corpse lying on top of a stone slab and pick up the Spirit Calculus . Then, use the elevator to go down to the lower level.
As you go down, face the southwest direction so you are ready for the Bloodfiend waiting here. Then, follow the path behind it where a group of Bloodfiends is gathered. This can be difficult since you are outnumbered, but if you have a magic build, you can use Adula's Moonblade to effectively take out the group. After fighting them, you can pick up Somber Smithing Stone [8] from the corpse behind the group. From here, face the southwest direction and exit through the small hole. Go to the right side and go past the bloodfiend. There's a corpse near the edge and you can pick up 8x Thin Beast Bones from it.
Now look behind you; you should be facing southeast here and go towards the edge and jump down on the steps below you. Look to your right and fight the lesser Golden Hippopotamus . This looks just like the boss at the Main Entrance of Shadow Keep but this one has a smaller health pool. It can also pull off the same moves just like the boss version. Upon defeating it, it will drop a Scadutree Fragment . You are now done with this section. Return to the Site of Grace and continue exploring the eastern area through the felled tree.
Upon exiting the archway, face the western direction and go through the collapsed tree. Follow the path ahead where you will see small creatures and make a right to to enter the building marked by these 2 standing lanterns. This area is filled with Shadow Undead and there are variations of them. Others are hunched on the ground, while there are some walking around carrying a jar. Take note that some of these enemies carry an important item. If you see them glimmering in the dark, eliminate them to take their item.
As you enter, go to your immediate right and climb up the overgrown roots. Head towards the northeast and turn left behind the pillar to pick up the Somber Smithing Stone [9] from the edge of this root. Go around this area and return to the entrance side and eliminate the Shadowpot . This one is carrying a Revered Spirit Ash and a Silver Horn Tender . Pick it up later after you fight the Curseblade . This behaves similarly to the boss but has a lesser health pool. After defeating these enemies, face the northeast where you see this tall door.
Don't enter through the door yet, instead turn left and you will see this burning cauldron. You can pick up the Fire Spritestone on the right side of this cauldron. Then, return to the door but make sure to defeat the nearby enemies here so they can't interrupt you. Open up the door and head down the steps. You will be fighting a Giant Scorpion here, then turn left where you will fight more of these Giant Scorpions. You can pick up the Shadow Realm Rune [5] just past this lit stone.
After picking up this item, look behind you and attack this illusory wall. Go inside and pick up the Bondstone and Antiquity Scholar's Cookbook (2) . Leave this area and turn right to progress. Go down the steps where a group of shadow enemies are gathered. Pay attention to the glimmering one carrying a jar and make sure to eliminate them to get 3x Spirit Calculus from them. You can also pick up a Broken Rune in front of this square hole to the southeast. (Take note of this location because you will be coming back here later)
Go through this square hole and once you reach the other side, you will be fighting more Giant Scorpions. Watch out for the ones hiding and sleeping on the ceiling. They will attack you as you approach this loot on the corner. Go up the stones and take the Somber Smithing Stone (6) from the corpse here. Exit this area and turn right. Look for this glimmering enemy carrying a jar and defeat it. It will drop a Scadutree Fragment and Golden Horn Tender .
Then, look behind you and face the northeast direction. You will be able to see a Curseblade on the second pillar. This one refuses to go down unless you go near it so you can just use range attacks to defeat it without getting damaged. After killing it, walk in front of you and pick up the 5x Throwing Dagger on the next alcove.
From the last alcove, turn right, then left. You will be facing a group of shadow enemies and a Spider Scorpion here. Make sure to take them out before you continue exploring here. Loot the corpse here to get Glass Shard . Continue up ahead and turn right to this room where you see a scorpion suspended in the air. You can see multiple corpses on the ground with loot on them but you need to eliminate this enemy first. Try not to the aggro of the Giant Scorpion on the other by doing ranged attacks. After doing so, pick up the 2x Sliver of Meat , 3x Scorpion Liver , and Spider Scorpion Ashes .
Head to the next area filled with white flowers and defeat the Giant Scorpions here. You can also pick up 2x Dewgem from the corpse here. Then, return to the other side of the square hole that you entered earlier. Trace your steps and return to the area where the shadow enemies are gathered. Open the door here facing southwest, then, take the 5x Rauh Burrow from the corpse to your right.
Follow this path until you reach this Spiritspring with surrounding nails. You can jump down here while riding Torrent and you will not be damaged. Face the southeast direction and go to the very end of this path. Pick up the Shadow Realm Rune (6) behind the Spiritspring . Don't go up the spiritspring and head back towards the area where you came from.
Turn right behind the 3rd pillar, and then go up the thick roots to pick up the Fine Crucible Feather Talisman . Then, head southwest and exit through the small archway at the end. Turn left and you will see an item on the top of the first archway to your left. Behind it, you can use the overgrown branch to climb this arch and then pickup the Shadow Realm Rune (7) from the corpse. Continue riding southeast and you will reach the outdoor area.
When this enemy comes into view, don't try to take its aggro right away. You want to be able to reach the nearby Site of Grace here by walking only on the right side. Stick to the edge on your right and you will see Miquella's Cross here near the edge. The Rauh Ancient Ruins, East - Site of Grace is on your right and you can pick up an Ancient Ruins Cross Message and Scadutree Fragment on the ground near the cross.
From the Site of Grace, face northeast and go towards the pillar here. Walk over the edge to find an item near the waterfall. Pick up the Ash of War: Dryleaf Whirlwind here. Then, return to the enemy that you saw earlier. This Lesser Crucible Knight will drop Devonia's Hammer and Crucible Hammer-Helm upon defeating it.
After defeating this enemy, cross the bridge facing southwest. There's a Furnace Golem at the other end of this bridge and it will start attacking you as you jump down. There are also shadow enemies along the way and you can pick up 4x Dewgem and 2x Flight Pinion . Then, jump down to the right side here. Ride up ahead but make sure to sprint so you can safely reach the covered area here. Then, go past the Furnace Golem , and don't fight it for now. The Rauh Ancient Ruins, West - Site of Grace is in the area behind it so you want to get the checkpoint first.
From the Rauh Ancient Ruins, West - Site of Grace, go down the ramp and fight the Furnace Golem . It will drop the Crimson-Sapping Cracked Tear and a Furnace Visage upon defeating it.
After fighting the Furnace Golem, teleport to the Site that you had just activated. Face the southwest direction and go toward the double archway. There are different Shadow Undead here, like shadow mage and shadow hound. Eliminate them as you go and go up the stairs to the right. You can pick up a 6x Kukri on the steps and Whiteflesh Mushroom from the enemies.
Go up the steps, then, go to the right side and eliminate the glimmering Shadowpot . It will drop 3x Spirit Calculus and a Rauh Burrow . Then, defeat the 2 Shadow Mages here. At the center of this map, there's a Curseblade . This one uses death spells and is just as dangerous as the boss version. On the northwest side, there's an altar where shadow enemies are worshipping. Go towards it and pick up the Scadutree Fragment .
Then, explore towards south and then turn right. Make sure to pick up the Rauh Burrow and 2x Spiritgrave Stone along the way. Then, use the elevator at the end of this path that will take you to the stone pillar section. Go to the left then jump down on the stone pillar below you. Try to land on the widest portion here and follow the steps and land on the area below you. Carefully walk here and try not to fall off the map. Walk forward, and jump to your right at the lower level.
This should take you to a level where, if you look behind, you will see a corpse behind you and pick up the Four-Toed Fowl Foot from the corpse.
Return to your last location and then jump between the gaps while riding Torrent. Keep following the steps here and then face southeast to where you see the edge of a building. Jump towards the left side and eliminate the 2 enemies holding a candlestick standing in front of the steps here.
Face the building and go towards the square hole to the left, then turn left again to reach the chest. You can get the Talisman of All Crucibles inside.
While facing the chest, exit through the square hole to your right. Use the elevator to go up, and you can already see the Ancient Ruins, Grand Stairway - Site of Grace from the top. Walk towards it and activate it.
Face the northwest direction, jump down the stairs, and then turn right to get loot. Stick to the wall to your right and then go to the very edge here to pick up a Spirit Calculus from a corpse. Then, return to the grand stairway where you see the archer version of the Golem Warrior. You can go up the ramp behind it and take it out. This enemy is weak to heavy attacks so make sure to take full advantage of its weakness.
Go down the broken bridge here and cross towards the northeast. Near the end of this bridge, you will find a corpse in the middle and you can take a Shadow Realm Rune (7) from it. Then, jump down on the right side. There's a Divine Beast Dancing Lion field boss here, and it's up to you if you want to fight it but you can run away from it by jumping down on the northeastern platform. This disables the fight and the boss will not chase you.
There's an elite enemy in the middle of the pool. This one wields a dual curved sword. Go up the ramp on the left side to pick up 2x Beast Bones. Then, go to the area behind the boss to pick up Verdigris Discus . Continue exploring the southern area here to pick up a Redflesh Mushroom from a corpse next to a pillar. This is your last stop in the Grand Stairway section and you will now return to the Rauh Ancient Ruins, West - Site of Grace.
This covers the rest of the exploration of the western section where you will be invaded by an NPC.
From the Rauh Ancient Ruins, West Site of Grace, face the southwest section and go up the stairs. Since you can ride Torrent in this area, you can outrun most enemies. This is the same area that you explored earlier but instead of going to the left section, you will head northwest towards the outdoor area. Ahead of you will be a gazebo, with one Horned Warrior patrolling in front of it and another one guarding the altar under the gazebo. You can pick up a Revered Spirit Ash from the altar.
Past the gazebo roughly towards the north, there's an archway that leads to a Scarlet Rot -infested area with some red Lesser Kindred of Rot patrolling around. Ignore this path for now, because you'll return here later. Instead, continue northeast, where you'll find some steps leading down. Head down the steps to reach a rocky intersection. Here, make a right (heading northeast) instead of continuing forwards.
Ahead of you will be an area with arches, Strays , and a stronger than usual Bloodfiend . The Bloodfiend drops 5x Sacred Bloody Flesh upon defeat. In the same area, there's a corpse that you can loot a Golden Horn Tender from. Head northwest and you'll encounter a patrolling Bloodfiend, and several more Rotten Strays and Bloodfiends in the area ahead.
On the upper area, while facing northwest, you might see a glimmering Shadowpot . To reach it, head through one of the short arches and jump down - riding Torrent should lessen any fall damage. Once you drop down, beware of the many small and giant Spider Scorpions in the area, as they can quickly poison you. Heading west will take you down a sloping area that leads to an elevator, but don't activate it just yet. Instead, proceed northeast.
You'll spot two flying Spider Scorpions. Fearsome as they may seem, they don't have that much health. You should also see a corpse surrounded by a few small Spider Scorpions. Loot the corpse for a Somber Smithing Stone (1) . Heading east, you should see several Miranda Sprouts , and a large ruin with a Giant Miranda Sprout . Near the Giant Miranda Sprout is a corpse that you can loot for the Aspects of the Crucible: Bloom incantation.
Now, return to the elevator and ride it up. On the top level, you will reach a Shadowpot and several other Shadow Undead . The Shadowpot drops a Revered Spirit Ash . If for whatever reason the Shadowpot is no longer here, you may have to reload the area - simply quitting to the main menu and reloading your save is such a way.
Facing southeast, jump down to the area you spotted the Shadowpot from earlier, and proceed onwards. On the path ahead, there are several pillars, behind one of which is a corpse that you can loot 3x Knot Resin from. Heading up the stairs takes you to the earlier area with the gazebo and the unexplored Scarlet Rot-infested path.
Now, proceed into the Scarlet Rot area that you skipped earlier. Simply standing in the rotten water will build up Scarlet Rot, so Soap and Flame, Cleanse Me can be very useful here. There's a scarlet version of Lesser Kindred of Rot (Pests) here, be careful of them because they can deal a high amount of damage when you get struck by them. Towards the west, there is an elevator, but ignore it for now.
Go to the northwest arch and pick up the Dappled White Cured Meat . To your right, there are more pest enemies here. There's a large group of them in the next section, so be careful to not engage them all at once and get overwhelmed. If you have any ranged or magic attacks, make use of them to eliminate the enemies before they get near you. You can obtain these items from the ground here: 3x Immunizing Cured Meat , 4x Fly Mold , and 8x Smithing Stone (2) . After fighting them, exit through the archway on the left side. Look to the stack of stones on your right and you will see a corpse here. You can pick up the Greater Potentate's Cookbook (9) from it.
Face the tower to the northeast and walk straight towards it. This is the Unseen Bridge that connects the main building to this tower. Cross to the other side and pick up the Stone-Sheathed Sword . If you already have that weapon from one of the other altars, then this is where you can convert the Sword into either the Sword of Light or Sword of Darkness .
Now, return to the elevator that you ignored earlier, and ride it to reach an upper level. There are more pest enemies here, and you will see a large staircase in the middle. Just take note of these areas for now because you will be returning here later.
To the southeast, there's another pest and an archway that leads outside. Head outside and you should see another gazebo, and past it, a patrolling Divine Bird Warrior and a corpse in the water that you can loot for the Divine Bird Feathers incantation.
Northeast of the gazebo, you can find a forested area with a rocky hill. Proceeding north through the forest, you'll find a glowing stone cairn (a pile of rocks) - break it to activate a nearby Spiritspring . The Spiritspring creates a shortcut that you can use to reach this area quickly from the Rauh Ancient Ruins, West Site of Grace.
Mount Torrent and use the Spiritspring to cushion your fall, then use it again to reach the area on the other side with some stone stairs (roughly northeast). Before going up the stairs, head right (southeast) and walk up to the edge. If you face exactly west, you should see a corpse that you can loot for 2x Beast Horn .
Then, go up the stairs that you saw earlier and open the chest at the top to get the Mottled Necklace +2 talisman. Use the Spiritspring again to return to the cliff where the stone cairn was - facing the Spiritspring, ride Torrent and jump to one of the broken pillars, then onto the Spiritspring to prevent a lethal fall. A safer alternative path is to head north from the base of the stairs to find a shorter cliff that you can use to descend, then you can find your way back to the Spiritspring.
Head back inside to the rot-infested room with the large staircase, and head left to the area behind the stairs. Once you reach the rearmost area, you can find the Pest-Thread Spears incantation on a corpse. From the corpse, head northwest and make a right to head back towards the stairs. Before reaching the stairs, on your left you should find another corpse with 6x Scarlet Buds .
Once you're at the base of the stairs, if Hornsent 's quest is still ongoing, prepare to get invaded by him as you head up. If you die, you can use the Spiritspring you should've activated earlier to reach this area relatively quickly from the Rauh Ancient Ruins, West Site of Grace.
The Spiritspring is located just northwest of the Site of Grace, in the pool area. Defeating Hornsent here will reward you with the following items:
Once you're at the top of the stairs, head southeast to reach the Church of the Bud, Main Entrance Site of Grace. Immediately south of the Site of Grace is the Church of the Bud, whose entrance is shrouded in golden fog, leading to a boss fight. Just before entering the church, there's a gold summon sign nearby to summon Dryleaf Dane to assist you in the upcoming battle.
Proceeding through the fog, you will fight Romina, Saint of the Bud. Her attacks inflict Scarlet Rot , but thankfully the arena doesn't inflict it, despite earlier rot-infested areas posing as an environmental hazard. For more information on how to defeat Romina, you can read this page. Defeating her gives you the Remembrance of the Saint of the Bud , and the golden fog blocking the archways disappears.
Exit through the southern archway of the church and head up the steps to reach the Sealing Tree, which looks almost like a miniature Scadutree. Provided you have Messmer's Kindling from defeating Messmer the Impaler , interacting with the Sealing Tree will give you the option to burn it. If you choose to do so, a cutscene will play and you will be warped to Enir-Ilim .
[other maps go here]
These giant ruins are flooded, overgrown, and split into two by a chasm. To the southwest is the Church of the Bud , overlooking the tower of shadow .
Ancient Ruins of Rauh is a sub-region of the Land of the Tower .
4 Characters 4.1 Cooperators 4.2 Invaders 4.3 Bosses 4.3.1 Unmarked bosses 4.4 Enemies
4.3 Bosses 4.3.1 Unmarked bosses
4.3.1 Unmarked bosses
5 Items 5.1 Notable loot 5.2 Bolstering materials 5.3 Crafting materials 5.4 Tools
5.2 Bolstering materials
5.3 Crafting materials
Ancient ruins overgrown with lush, dense vegetation. [ 1 ] The Rauh Ancient Ruins are the remains of a civilization that practiced the art of sprite magic, an art so ancient that even the Hornsent of antiquity had academics researching it. [ 2 ]
The Rauh ruins are home to the Church of the Bud , which was burnt and ruined during the Crusade. [ 3 ] Now, the crumbling church is home to Romina, Saint of the Bud , who witnessed its burning and, as a result, made contact with the Scarlet Rot . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Dryleaf Dane (Romina, Saint of the Bud)
Divine Beast Dancing Lion
Romina, Saint of the Bud
Crucible Knight Devonia
Antiquity Scholar's Cookbook [2]
Aspects of the Crucible: Bloom
Revered Spirit Ash Defeat Pot Commoner [ citation needed ]
Defeat Pot Commoner [ citation needed ]
Scadutree Fragment (x2) Defeat hippopotamus Defeat Pot Commoner [ citation needed ]
Stone-Sheathed Sword / Sword of Darkness / Sword of Light
Somber Smithing Stone [6]
Somber Smithing Stone [8]
Somber Smithing Stone [9]
Shadow Realm Rune [5]
Shadow Realm Rune [6]
Shadow Realm Rune [7]
Crucible Knight Devonia overlooking the ruins.
The ruins as depicted in one of the loading screens.

---

area: Cerulean Coast
chapter: 31
name: Cerulean Coast
Cerulean Coast (Southern Shore) is a Location in Elden Ring . The Cerulean Coast region can be found south of the Gravesite Plain. [ See Shadow of the Erdtree Map ]
A captivating vista of brilliant blue flowers, intermingled with colossal stone coffins of unknown origin that seemingly drifted to this place. To the east, the jagged peak thrusts upward into the clouds.
Start from the Pillar Path Cross Site of Grace [ See Elden Ring Map ] directly south of Castle Ensis . Head north of the Site of Grace, wherein you will follow the cliff until you see a part of it that you can jump on. Make your way to the bottom using the rocks, then head south to a cave opening leading to the Ellac River Cave Site of Grace [ See Elden Ring Map ]. Keep heading south until you get to the waterfalls, then carefully jump across the rock formations. Head south, and you can activate the Ellac River Downstream Site of Grace [ See Elden Ring Map ]. From here continue traveling until you see glowing blue flowers around the area, which means that you are on the Cerulean Coast .
Cerulean Coast is revealed with Map: Southern Shore [ Map Link ]
(See our Shadow of the Erdtree Game Progress Route page for more info.)
Cerulean Coast West [ Map Link ]
Cerulean Coast [ Map Link ]
Charo's Hidden Grave [ Map Link ]
Manse Hall [ Map Link ]
Midra's Library [ Map Link ]
Second Floor Chamber [ Map Link ]
Discussion Chamber [ Map Link ]
Finger Ruins of Rhia [ Map Link ]
Cerulean Coast Cross [ Map Link ]
The Fissure [ Map Link ]
Southern Nameless Mausoleum
Finger Ruins of Rhia
Grand Altar of Dragon Communion
Perfumed Oil of Ranah
Shadow Realm Rune (2)
Shadow Realm Rune (3)
Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Great Grave Glovewort
Somber Smithing Stone (4)
Grave Keeper's Cookbook (1) [ Map Link ]
Lost Ashes of War [ Map Link ]
Greater Potentate's Cookbook (14) [ Map Link ]
St. Trina Disciple's Cookbook (1) [ Map Link ]
Map: Southern Shore [ Map Link ]
Demi-Human Swordmaster
Lesser Cemetery Shade
Ghostflame Dragon [ Map Link ]
Demi-Human Queen Marigga [ Map Link ]
The entrance to Stone Coffin Fissure , which is located below the cliff of The Fissure Site of Grace will be sealed until Miquella casts away his great rune, which is a story event that is triggered by either approaching Shadow Keep or crossing the bridge east of Bonny Village .
A captivating vista of brilliant blue flowers, intermingled with colossal stone coffins of unknown origin that seemingly drifted to this place.
- Map: Southern Shore
The Cerulean Coast is a sub-region of the Gravesite Plain .
A coastal plain of cerulean flowers and mist on the Southern Shore of the Realm of Shadow . Accessible by following the Ellac River downstream. The Cerulean Coast is adorned with massive stone coffins resembling ships. The region has ties to the traditions of the Lands Between from before the Age of the Erdtree regarding death; many of the roads in the Cerulean Coast are lined by spirit worms and jellyfish, and a ghostflame dragon can be found not far from the entrance to the area.
The Cerulean Coast is bordered by Charo's Hidden Grave , the Foot of the Jagged Peak , and the Abyssal Woods to its north. The southern peninsula of the coast is split by a ravine leading to the Stone Coffin Fissure .
Demi-Human Swordsman
Demi-Human Queen Marigga

---

area: Mountaintops of the Giants
chapter: 21
name: Shabriri
Shabriri is an NPC in Elden Ring . Shabriri can be found at the Mountaintops of the Giants and looks exactly the same as Bloody Finger Hunter Yura , as he implies the hunter died and he has been given his body. He acts on behalf of The Frenzied Flame . Shabriri can become available as an NPC Summon against Godfrey, First Elden Lord depending on questline progress and ending route.
May chaos take the world! May chaos take the world!
Shabriri can be found at Mountaintops of the Giants , near the starting area location. Map Link
This NPC does not move
This NPC can be fought. Shabriri will use frenzy incantations to defend himself.
If defeated, drops the Ronin's Set
NPC Summon : Godfrey, First Elden Lord . You must have met with the Three Fingers at the Frenzied Flame Proscription to make him available. Shabriri becomes unavailable if you proceed to use Miquella's Needle to remove the influence of the Frenzied Flame.
You must have met with the Three Fingers at the Frenzied Flame Proscription to make him available.
Shabriri becomes unavailable if you proceed to use Miquella's Needle to remove the influence of the Frenzied Flame.
Shabriri appears next to the Zamor Ruins site of grace when you arrive. He claims that Yura died and gave him this body.
Shabriri gives you directions for obtaining the Lord of the Frenzied Flame ending. You must meet with the Three Fingers by finding them near the Cathedral of the Forsaken below the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds . You must remove your clothes in order to open the door and proceed. See Endings for more information. Note: Meeting with the Three Fingers will lock you out of all other ending choices, unless Miquella's Needle is used at Dragonlord Placidusax's arena at Crumbling Farum Azula. This removes the Frenzied Flame, and is a permanent reversal. In order to summon him as a NPC Summon Cooperator against Godfrey, the player must have embraced the Frenzied Flame and not used Miquella's Needle.
Note: Meeting with the Three Fingers will lock you out of all other ending choices, unless Miquella's Needle is used at Dragonlord Placidusax's arena at Crumbling Farum Azula. This removes the Frenzied Flame, and is a permanent reversal.
In order to summon him as a NPC Summon Cooperator against Godfrey, the player must have embraced the Frenzied Flame and not used Miquella's Needle.
After you meet with the Three Fingers, Shabriri will disappear, and the Ronin's Set will be left in his place. You can also kill Shabriri for the set as soon as you meet him.
If player meets with the Three Fingers before reaching where Shabriri is, he will not be found. The Ronin's Set will be on the ground in his place.
He wields an Uchigatana instead of the Nagakiba used by Yura and uses Howl of Shabriri and The Flame of Frenzy .
What's this? Well, this is peculiar. This, I did not expect. But if you do not care for Lordship, I'm afraid you are of no use.
(On player kill) How very unfortunate. I did not take you for a fraud.
Shabriri is chaos incarnate. I cannot die. Ahh, may chaos take the world!
Can be summoned as a cooperator for the Godfrey, First Elden Lord boss fight.
Shabriri is the name of a Demon of Blindness in Jewish mythology, which is hinted at here due to the hands suggestively covering his eyes. In modern Hebrew, Shabriri translates literally as "fragile".
He is referenced in the talisman Shabriri's Woe , as a man who had his eyes gouged out, and had the frenzied flame inhabit his sockets, which may explain why he covers his face.
Incantation originating from the maddening Three Fingers.
Releases a maddening shriek that causes madness buildup in foes nearby. This incantation also causes madness buildup in the caster and makes enemies more likely to target them.
It is said that the sickness of the flame of frenzy began with Shabriri, the most reviled man in all history.
Disturbing likeness of a man whose eyes have been gouged out. The corners of his mouth are upturned in an almost flirtatious manner.
Constantly attracts enemies' aggression.
It is said that the man, named Shabriri, had his eyes gouged out as punishment for the crime of slander, and, with time, the blight of the flame of frenzy came to dwell in the empty sockets.
A yellowing, oozing eyeball of the infirm. The surface is shriveled, and the inside is squishy, not unlike a large, overly-ripe grape.
Give to the blind maiden to guide her to the distant light.
"I wish to journey with you once more. To the flame of ruin, far above the clouds, upon the snowy mountaintops of the giants. Then I can set the Erdtree aflame. And guide you. Down the path to becoming Elden Lord."
Ahhh, may chaos take the world! May chaos take the world!
Shabriri is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Shabriri, the most reviled man in all history, is said to have begun the sickness of the flame of frenzy. [ 1 ] He was the first known worshiper of the Three Fingers and the flame of frenzy. For the crime of slander, he had his eyes gouged out. The Three Fingers would later use this opportunity to let the flame of frenzy then fester within his empty sockets. [ 2 ]
Shabriri's spirit somehow lives on, able to claim the bodies of others as his own, making them his vessels. The Tarnished encounters Shabriri in the Mountaintops of the Giants , where he is shown to be inhabiting the body of Bloody Finger Hunter Yura . [ 3 ] The Tarnished, at the behest of Melina , is bound for the giant's forge so that the maiden may set the Erdtree aflame. [ 4 ] However, Shabriri attempts to persuade the Tarnished to seek out the Three Fingers in the depths below Leyndell , revealing that their ascendency to the throne of Elden Lord would require Melina's sacrifice. [ 5 ] He proposes an alternative path: the Tarnished may inherit the flame of frenzy and serve as kindling, sparing Melina's life. [ 6 ] Shabriri bids the Tarnished become the Lord of Chaos, burning the Erdtree to the ground and incinerating all that divides and distinguishes. [ 7 ]
Mountaintops of the Giants Shabriri can be found by the Zamor Ruins Site of Grace near the beginning of the area. Exhaust his dialogue to unlock new dialogue from Melina when resting at a Site of Grace. Note that once Shabriri appears, Yura's questline will end regardless of how much progress has been made in it. It is not necessary to have started Yura's questline for Shabriri to appear.
Shabriri can be found by the Zamor Ruins Site of Grace near the beginning of the area. Exhaust his dialogue to unlock new dialogue from Melina when resting at a Site of Grace. Note that once Shabriri appears, Yura's questline will end regardless of how much progress has been made in it. It is not necessary to have started Yura's questline for Shabriri to appear.
Frenzied Flame Proscription Travel to the Frenzied Flame Proscription through the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds and Cathedral of the Forsaken . Remove all of your armour and interact with the door on the lowest floor for a cutscene in which the Three Fingers embrace you. This can be done regardless of whether you have met Shabriri already. Doing so will cause Shabriri to disappear from his previous location. This will unlock the Lord of Frenzied Flame Ending . This will lock you out of achieving any of the other endings unless you obtain Miquella's Needle by completing Millicent 's quest and defeating Malenia, Blade of Miquella , and using it in Dragonlord Placidusax 's boss room.
Travel to the Frenzied Flame Proscription through the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds and Cathedral of the Forsaken . Remove all of your armour and interact with the door on the lowest floor for a cutscene in which the Three Fingers embrace you. This can be done regardless of whether you have met Shabriri already. Doing so will cause Shabriri to disappear from his previous location.
This will unlock the Lord of Frenzied Flame Ending . This will lock you out of achieving any of the other endings unless you obtain Miquella's Needle by completing Millicent 's quest and defeating Malenia, Blade of Miquella , and using it in Dragonlord Placidusax 's boss room.
(Optional) Leyndell, Ashen Capital Shabriri will be available as a co-operator to assist with the fight against Godfrey, First Elden Lord .
Shabriri will be available as a co-operator to assist with the fight against Godfrey, First Elden Lord .
In Jewish mythology, Shabriri is the demon of blindness, who rests on uncovered water at night and blinds those who drink from it. Shabriri covering his eyes while occupying Yura's body may be a reference to this.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: White-Faced Varré
White Mask Varré is an NPC in Elden Ring . White Mask Varré is encountered near the start of the game, right by The First Step Site of Grace , and will offer advice to the player. He can be found multiple times in different locations as the story progresses.
See White Mask Varré Lore
Oh yes... Tarnished, are we? Come to the Lands Between for the Elden Ring, hmm? Of course you have. No shame in it. Unfortunately for you, however, you are maidenless.
White Mask Varré can be found in various locations throughout your adventure:
He will be the very first NPC you speak to at the beginning of the game. Found in Limgrave , by The First Step Site of Grace . [ Map Link ]
After obtaining any of the Great Runes , and talking to Enia for the first time at the Roundtable Hold , White Mask Varré can be found at Rose Church , on a large island in the southwest of Liurnia . [ Map Link ]
This NPC moves to different locations
This NPC can be fought
If defeated, drops: 500 Runes 6 Festering Bloody Finger
6 Festering Bloody Finger
If defeated in Mohgwyn Dynasty via invasion, drops: 1 Furcalling Finger Remedy 1 Rune Arc 6 Festering Bloody Fingers , Varre's Bouquet (Return to invasion sign, and talk to him, after returning to your world.)
1 Furcalling Finger Remedy
6 Festering Bloody Fingers , Varre's Bouquet (Return to invasion sign, and talk to him, after returning to your world.)
You receive the Festering Bloody Finger upon meeting White Mask Varré a second time at Rose Church . To trigger this, you must first meet the Two Fingers in the Roundtable Hold
After obtaining the item, you can progress the questline in one of two ways: With patch 1.06, you can find Magnus the Beast Claw’s invasion sign in a ruined building in the Writheblood Ruins , surrounded by bloodhounds. Fight Magnus (note: you do not need to kill him, you can invade 3 times) and return to Rose Church to continue the quest. If you choose this option, you will not lose the chance to fight this NPC . Alternatively, you can invade other players three times using the Festering Bloody Finger (note: the Recusant Finger will not work). Defeating the invaded player is not required; using the Finger Severer right after invading also counts.
With patch 1.06, you can find Magnus the Beast Claw’s invasion sign in a ruined building in the Writheblood Ruins , surrounded by bloodhounds. Fight Magnus (note: you do not need to kill him, you can invade 3 times) and return to Rose Church to continue the quest. If you choose this option, you will not lose the chance to fight this NPC .
Alternatively, you can invade other players three times using the Festering Bloody Finger (note: the Recusant Finger will not work). Defeating the invaded player is not required; using the Finger Severer right after invading also counts.
After completing one of these tasks, Varré will ask you to join his order with the Bloody Lord. If you agree, he will give you the Lord of Blood's Favor and request that you soak it in the blood of a maiden. The closest corpses are: At the Church of Inhibition , atop Frenzied Flame Village . [ Map Link ] At the Chapel of Anticipation , if you’ve unlocked the second belfry at The Four Belfries . [ Map Link ] Kill Irina who is located at the entrance of the Weeping Peninsula . [ Map Link ] Kill Hyetta , who is initially at Lake-Facing Cliffs , though killing her will end her questline.
At the Church of Inhibition , atop Frenzied Flame Village . [ Map Link ]
At the Chapel of Anticipation , if you’ve unlocked the second belfry at The Four Belfries . [ Map Link ]
Kill Irina who is located at the entrance of the Weeping Peninsula . [ Map Link ]
Kill Hyetta , who is initially at Lake-Facing Cliffs , though killing her will end her questline.
Once you return with the blood-soaked Favor, Varré will reward you with a reusable Bloody Finger . If you speak to him again, you will receive the Pureblood Knight's Medal , granting early access to Mohgwyn's Palace where you can fight Mohg, Lord of Blood . This method also provides early access to several Rune farming spots. Note that killing Varré will not yield Varré's Bouquet but will reward you with x6 Festering Bloody Fingers .
You can also find an invasion sign near the Dynasty Mausoleum Midpoint Site of Grace [ See Map Link ] to fight Varré. After defeating him, return to the corridor where you found his invasion sign. His wounded body will be on the floor, and after exhausting his dialogue, you can collect x6 Festering Bloody Fingers and Varré's Bouquet from his corpse.
NOTE : If killed, Varré cannot be respawned, making his questline incompletable. However, you can still reach Mohgwyn's Palace via a hidden teleporter North-North-West of Yelough Anix Tunnel in the Consecrated Snowfield . [ Map Link ]
Oh yes... Tarnished, are we? Come to the Lands Between for the Elden Ring, hmm? Of course you have. No shame in it. Unfortunately for you, however, you are maidenless. Without guidance, without the strength of runes, and without an invitation to the Roundtable Hold... You are fated, it seems, to die in obscurity.
Luckily for you, however, there is one shining ray of hope for even the maidenless. Me. Varré. Take care to listen. Are you familiar with grace? The golden light that gives life to you Tarnished. You may also behold its golden rays pointing in a particular direction at times. That is the guidance of grace. The path that a Tarnished must travel. Mm, indeed. Grace's guidance holds the answers. It will lead you Tarnished to the path you are meant to follow. Even if it leads you to your grave.
Grace's guidance will reveal the path forward, most certainly. To Castle Stormveil, over on the cliff. The home of the decrepit demigod, Godrick the Grafted.
It's time you set off, I should think. To Castle Stormveil, on the cliff, where grace would guide you. If you seek the Elden Ring, maidenless as you are.
Do you even comprehend the gravity of this choice?
Very well. If you mistake kindness for frailty of heart, then perhaps a more physical lesson is in order!
(On player kill) You will die nameless, without ceremony.
What's the matter? Shouldn't you be off proving yourself, or some such? Then go on, take the hint and follow the guidance of grace. To castle Stormveil, on the cliff. And if, by chance you do find your way to the castle, you may receive a summons. To the famed Roundtable Keep...
After accessing Roundtable Hold
Ohh, well done, well done indeed. You made it through that entire mess, all the way to Stormveil. And off you trotted to the Roundtable Hold... My sincerest congratulations. But, how did you find the Roundtable? Oh, you don't have to say it. Before, the Roundtable was chock full of venerated warriors, but now, it's home to puff-chests and has-beens. I fear you've been terribly disappointed. I don't blame you. But still, the Roundtable has its perks. Why not earn a seat? Fly straight and true, so to speak.
§ Choosing "I'll fly straight and true!"
Ahh, then you're interested? A wise choice indeed. To join the Roundtable proper, you must acquire a Great Rune, and request audience... with the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber. They are the purported masters of the grace that guides your kind, the Tarnished. Mm, yes, pay them a visit, so that you may see for yourself.
Challenge Godrick the Grafted, lord of Stormveil, to acquire a Great Rune. Decrepit, he may be, but a demigod he remains. And of course, an inheritor of a Great Rune. Worse yet, I hear old Godrick's acquired a ferocious new toy to graft... So. Prepare for the worst.
Choosing "I don't need a seat"
... Yes, I see. Perhaps it's just as well. Besides, you are maidenless. One can only do so much with the materials provided. But then again, if you should realize the error of your ways, I'm always willing to hear you out.
Talking again, after choosing " I don't need a seat "
Oh, have you decided to have a go after all? At joining the round table proper?
What's the matter? Aren't you supposed to be earning your place at the Roundtable Hold? Then you must face Godrick the Grafted, lord of Stormveil, for without a Great Rune, you will not be granted audience. With the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber.
Visit after killing Godrick or obtaining any other Great Rune
Ohh, well done, well done indeed. You bested Godrick the Grafted, and claimed a Great Rune. My congratulations. Now, visit the Roundtable Hold. For an audience with the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber.
Go to the Roundtable Hold. For an audience with the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber.
At Rose Church, after speaking with the Two Fingers at the Roundtable Hold
Ah, there you are. You claimed a Great Rune, and had your audience. With the Two Fingers, at the Roundtable Hold. What was your impression?
Choosing "They didn't seem right"
Ah-ha, your intuition serves you well. My doubts had been piling up, you see… The words of the Two Fingers cannot be trusted. Truly, naught but rambling, senile delusions. I believe, that when the Elden Ring was shattered, the Two Fingers were corrupted, their guidance; skewed. Even worse, the Fingers harbor no love for our kind. That's the part that irks the most.
Choosing "They were magnificent"
You don't say. Well, what a relief that must be. You may go, then. My work here is done. May the wisdom of the two fingers guide you.
Oh? Is something wrong?
Receiving the Fingers
Oh, I have a gift for you, something fit for only the wise. A means for circumventing the draw of the Two Fingers. Give it a try, won't you? And if it please you, may we meet again. I've high hopes for you. My lambkin.
Be sure to try that finger I gave you. There's no reason to dither. The Tarnished were spurned by grace, forsaken by the Two Fingers. And now they ask you to mend their crumbling world? Hah, your loyalties are misplaced with them.
Be sure to try that finger I gave you. I'm quite certain that you'll take to it.
Visit at the Rose Church, after using the Finger to invade three times.
Oh, lambkin, so pleased you're here. I'm glad you're enjoying my gift. Mmm, I knew from the very start. You have a taste for noble blood.
I wish to anoint you a proper inductee. A knight to serve Luminary Mohg, the Lord of Blood, and establish a new dynasty. Luminary Mohg has strength, vision, and of course, love. So, what do you say, my lambkin?
Choosing " Refuse. "
Oh my. Perhaps you misheard me. Nothing wrong with giving you a day or two. For your ears to clear out.
Oh, it's you. Could you tell me once more? Your honest reply.
Choosing "Anoint me."
Mm, yes, who would have it any other way? Now, take this. For your final trial. Soak the cloth with a maiden's blood. Normally, this ritual would involve killing one's own maiden, and recanting the wisdom of the Two Fingers. But since you are maidenless, the blood of anyone's maiden will do.
The cloth is your final trial. Soak it with the blood of a maiden. The blood of anyone's maiden will do. You are maidenless, after all.
After returning with the blood-soaked Favor.
Ahh, my lambkin. You've completed your final trial. And with this, you are a formal inductee. A knight who will assist Luminary Mohg, the Lord of Blood, in the establishment of a new dynasty. Now, give me your finger. This noble blood will be an immutable badge of honor, once it settles. Inside of you.
Upon offering finger.
Oh, good heavens. Clench your teeth, or something.
After receiving Bloody Finger.
Never forget that feeling of agony. For it is what binds you to Luminary Mogh, to all of us. Ha ha ha... You have the sweetest scream. My lambkin.
Talking again, after offering finger and receiving Bloody Finger.
Oh another thing. You should have this.
After receiving Pureblood Knight's Medal.
A medal granted by the new Mohgwyn dynasty. With the power to grant audience with Luminary Mohg. I've gone out of my way to provide one to you. But you mustn't use it just yet.
The meeting must wait until the Mohgwyn dynasty commences. Luminary Mohg yet slumbers beside the Divinity. We must endure a little longer.
Talking again, after receiving Pureblood Knight's Medal but before using it.
Ahh, it is trying, but we must be patient. One day, you will be elevated, deservedly, basking in love. Right, my lambkin? Ha ha ha...
Upon invading him near the Mausoleum Dynasty Midpoint grace.
You seek violence, heedless of my warning, though you have been raised to a knight of the dynasty? I am pained, to the very depths of my being. I'll ensure you regret this, my lambkin. Enjoy your miserable death.
You maidenless runt... Who do you think I am?  <Groan>
If player is killed at Rose Church
Oh dear, a pity it's come to this, my lambkin. How does it feel to die a failure? Materials of quality are so hard to find, these days...
When he is killed while invading him.
Why must I be... disgraced by this lowborn...
Final dialogue when talked to after invading him
O... Luminary... Mohg... Please grant... the strength... you promised I have given... everything... Please... my lord...
Please, answer me... Luminary... Mohg. ... A-ahh... Bless the Mohgwyn Dynasty, with love!
During combat, Varre uses Varre's Bouquet and a sacred seal, which he uses to cast Catch Flame , Bloodflame Blade , and Swarm of Flies .
He used to tell you to go die in a ditch. This was only said during the network test, and was removed from the final release of the game.
" Feel free to go off and die in a ditch somewhere."
Cannot be revived at Church of Vows, like most dead NPCs.
He wears the War Surgeon Set , which drops from one of the three Nameless White Mask invaders in Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum .
The War Surgeon Set's description implies that Mohg originally had the surgeons abducted against their will; Varré included. It details that none of the other White Masks he had taken were able to "tame the accursed blood", but that Varré was the exception. This could be related to Varré's deep loyalty to Mohg and his upcoming Dynasty.
Pure white oath-cloth given by Varré. The final trial to be anointed a Knight of Mohg, Lord of Blood.
"Soak the cloth with a maiden's blood... The blood of anyone's maiden will do. You are maidenless, after all."
Fully reddened oath-cloth, dyed in a maiden's blood.
The final trial is complete. Luminary Mohg is sure to welcome you into his service, as a knight who will lay the foundations for his dynasty.
Bloodstained white gown of the war surgeons who were effectively mercy killers.
Of the surgeons that were abducted by the Lord of Blood, none were able to tame the accursed blood.
None but Varré, that is; though he was an exception.
A talisman depicting a dagger and a surgeon. Enhances critical hits.
The white-garbed field surgeons come to the aid of friend and foe alike by dealing a final deadly thrust to spare them from the prolonged agony of a mortal wound. A sense of mercy is a catalyst for bloodlust.
Liurnia of the Lakes Mohgwyn Palace
Bless the Mohgwyn Dynasty, with love!
White Mask Varré (白面のヴァレー) is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
1 Overview 1.1 Events in Game
3 Character Information 3.1 Basic Info 3.2 Equipment 3.3 Quest Items
4 Questline Progression
Varré is an enigmatic man who dresses in the garb of a war surgeon. [ 1 ] War Surgeons, despite their name, are not surgeons or doctors. They act as mercy killers on battlefields, putting dying soldiers out of their misery as quickly as possible by delivering final blows. [ 2 ] Varré was a war surgeon prior to his association with Mohg.
Varré was abducted by Mohg against his will along with various other war surgeons, however it was noted that Varré was particularly talented with blood incantations, and that of all the war surgeons abducted he was the only one able to "tame" Mohg's cursed blood. [ 3 ] Somewhere along the way Varré came to genuinely worship Mohg. If game data is accessed to remove his mask, you can see Mohg's emblem painted on his forehead. [ 4 ]
Varré is generally regarded as enticing but deceitful. He is eloquent and is kind to the Tarnished at first, but this appears to be a front as his personality can change dramatically if elicited by disobedience. For example: He will try to suggest he is helping the Tarnished, and refers to them with the pet name "Lambkin", but if provoked he consequently will refer to them as a "runt" and "low born". If the tarnished refuses Varré's offer to join Mohg, then he will indignantly remark that they must have misheard his request, and that he will wait "for your ears to clean out."
Varré seems to also harbor some level of sadism, or in the least, an indifference to the pain of others. He asks the Tarnished to soak a cloth in a finger maiden's blood and remarks that since they have no maiden of their own, "any maiden will do". When he injects the tarnished with royal blood and they scream in pain, he chuckles in a shocked tone and says "clench your teeth, or something." When the ritual is completed he will remark that the tarnished as "the sweetest scream".  If attacked at the Rose church he will remark upon killing the tarnished that "materials of quality are so hard to find these days", revealing that he only ever thought of the Tarnished as a material or tool.
The Tarnished first encounters him in Limgrave, after exiting the Stranded Graveyard, where he offers them guidance, noticing that they are not accompanied by a Finger Maiden. [ 5 ] He advises the Tarnished to journey to Stormveil Castle and challenge Godrick the Grafted for his Great Rune , and recommends that they visit the Roundtable Hold .
The Tarnished encounters him again in Liurnia of the Lakes , outside the Rose Church . Here, he tests the Tarnished's dedication to the Two Fingers , expressing his own doubts about the veracity of their words. [ 6 ] If the Tarnished shares his concerns, he reveals himself to be a loyal disciple of Mohg, Lord of Blood [ 7 ] , and offers the Tarnished the opportunity to join his new dynasty. After the Tarnished completes their initiation, by soaking a cloth in the blood of a maiden, Varré awards them with a medal which will grant them audience with Mohg when the time is right. He also injects the Tarnished's finger with noble blood, allowing them to invade other worlds. [ 8 ]
The Tarnished journeys to Mohgwyn Palace where they encounter Varré for the final time, invading his world and defeating him. Varré dies on the ground of Mohgwyn Palace after blessing Mohg's dynasty. [ 9 ]
Limgrave (The First Step)
Just past the Site of Grace . Will leave a message in his spot after talking with Finger Reader Enia at the Roundtable Hold .
Liurnia of the Lakes (Fallen Ruins of the Lake)
At the entrance of the Rose Church , to the west of the Site of Grace.
Mohgwyn Palace (Dynasty Mausoleum Entrance)
His invasion sign is located in the hallway before the Dynasty Mausoleum Midpoint Site of Grace. After defeating him, Varré will be found laying on the floor close to where the sign previously was.
Limgrave (The First Step) (Optional) Talk to Varré next to The First Step Site of Grace. (Optional) After visiting the Roundtable Hold, return to Varré and exhaust his dialogue. (Optional) After obtaining a Great Rune , return to Varré and exhaust his dialogue. (Optional) After talking to Finger Reader Enia at the Roundtable Hold, read the message he leaves behind to receive the "Bravo!" Gesture.
(Optional) Talk to Varré next to The First Step Site of Grace.
(Optional) After visiting the Roundtable Hold, return to Varré and exhaust his dialogue.
(Optional) After obtaining a Great Rune , return to Varré and exhaust his dialogue.
(Optional) After talking to Finger Reader Enia at the Roundtable Hold, read the message he leaves behind to receive the "Bravo!" Gesture.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Fallen Ruins of the Lake) As he moves at the entrance of the Rose Church after speaking with Enia, talk to him, selecting They didn't seem right , and exhaust his dialogues to receive Festering Bloody Finger x5.
As he moves at the entrance of the Rose Church after speaking with Enia, talk to him, selecting They didn't seem right , and exhaust his dialogues to receive Festering Bloody Finger x5.
Altus Plateau (Road of Iniquity Side Path) Interact with the invasion sign of Magnus the Beast Claw, found at the Writheblood Ruins south-west of the Site of Grace, and either defeat him or simply invade him three times. Invading actual players with the Festering Bloody Fingers three times is also enough to progress Varré's questline.
Interact with the invasion sign of Magnus the Beast Claw, found at the Writheblood Ruins south-west of the Site of Grace, and either defeat him or simply invade him three times. Invading actual players with the Festering Bloody Fingers three times is also enough to progress Varré's questline.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Fallen Ruins of the Lake) Return to Varré to receive the Lord of Blood's Favor, which needs to be

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Iji Servant of Ranni
Liurnia of the Lakes
I am Iji. The Carian royal family's dedicated blacksmith, and Lady Ranni's war counsellor.
War Counselor Iji is an NPC and blacksmith in ELDEN RING (2022) .
3 Services 3.1 Strengthen Armament
3.1 Strengthen Armament
4 Character Information 4.1 Quest Items
5 Questline Progression
A good-natured troll who once served the Carian Royal Family as a blacksmith. [ 1 ] Currently, Iji serves Ranni , the Carian princess, as her war counsellor [ 2 ] , while still plying his trade as a blacksmith outside the Kingsrealm Ruins , near the Caria Manor .
Iji has known Ranni and Blaidd since they were children, and they would let him join in when they played. [ 3 ] Along with Blaidd, he swore allegiance to Ranni when she renounced her flesh and chose the dark path of the Empyrean . [ 4 ] Iji is also shown to care for Blaidd [ 5 ] , however he also harbours some reservations. Fearing that, as her sworn shadow, Blaidd will go mad and become a curse for Ranni for resisting the Two Fingers [ 6 ] , Iji imprisons Blaidd in the Forlorn Hound Evergaol . [ 7 ]
Iji became acquainted with Jerren when he was a guest of the Carians. [ 8 ] Jerren recalls that the weapons Iji smithed were blunt, yet did not decay when faced with Scarlet Rot . [ 9 ] Jerren may also offer a vital clue regarding Ranni's fate, which helps Iji to come to the realisation that General Radahn must be killed in order to release the stars and Ranni's own fate. [ 10 ]
Later, after Blaidd breaks free of his imprisonment and gives his life in defence of Ranni, Iji admits that he misjudged Blaidd's loyalty, and senses that he will soon join Blaidd in death. [ 11 ] Later, he can be found dead, his body ablaze with black flame, with the corpses of Black Knife Assassins nearby.
Iji can strengthen the player's armaments up to any level, at the cost of Smithing Stones and Runes.
(Optional) Iji can be found next to the Road to the Manor Site of Grace, just past the Kingsrealm Ruins. Speak to him for a hint about the enemies in Caria Manor. If you have helped Blaidd kill Bloodhound Knight Darriwil , select "Blaidd sent me" to add the Carian Filigreed Crest to Iji's shop inventory.
After entering Ranni's service, speak to Iji's projection in Ranni's Rise . His dialogue varies depending on whether you have spoken to him before, and whether you have already defeated Starscourge Radahn .
(Optional) Return to Iji's usual position near Kingsrealm Ruins to receive the dialogue option "About Blaidd". Additionally, if you have met and spoken to Jerren prior to the Radahn Festival, you may receive the dialogue option "About Jerren".
(Optional) After defeating Starscourge Radahn, return to Iji to learn about Nokron.
Go to the Forlorn Hound Evergaol in Limgrave and speak to Blaidd. The choice of freeing him or leaving him in the evergaol will not affect Iji's questline. Return to Iji to get the dialogue option "Why is Blaidd in the evergaol"?
After defeating Astel, Naturalborn of the Void , return to Ranni's Rise and defeat Blaidd by the entrance. Return to Iji and listen to the dialogue option "Blaidd's Death".
Reload the area to find Iji dead. Pick up his bell bearing and helm from the anvil.
Jerren's dialogue concerning Iji's weaponry not decaying when faced with Scarlet Rot may imply that Iji smithed weapons for the Redmane Knights, either to be used during the battle with the Cleanrot Knights in Aeonia, or in the aftermath of Malenia's scarlet aeonia blooming.
Iji's burning body, surrounded by multiple dead Black Knife Assassins .

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Pidia Carian Servant
Y-you're my puppets! I loved you with all I have!
Pidia, Carian Servant is an merchant NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
3 Character Information 3.1 Basic Info
4 Questline Progression
Pidia, Carian Servant is an elderly First-Generation Albinauric who serves as keeper of the puppets in Caria Manor in northwestern Liurnia of the Lakes . He can only be reached through a secret shortcut. From the Three Sisters area, go down onto the tower below Seluvis's Rise . A meek and ingratiating fellow, he will attempt to gain favor with The Tarnished (Protagonist) by selling them rare items from his storeroom. He loves his puppets with all of his silver heart but at first calls them ghastly. [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Carian Manor If Ranni the Witch has not been given either the Fingerslayer Blade OR Seluvis' Amber Draught , the player can find Pidia on the second floor of the Manor Lower Level Site of Grace . However, he can only be reached from the building's rooftop. To gain access to him, the player must travel to the Three Sisters and follow the clifftop above Caria Manor southwest. Once there, the player can descend several platforms in order to safely reach the Manor rooftop below. When first talking with Pidia, he will offer to sell you a number of rare items from his storeroom.
If Ranni the Witch has not been given either the Fingerslayer Blade OR Seluvis' Amber Draught , the player can find Pidia on the second floor of the Manor Lower Level Site of Grace . However, he can only be reached from the building's rooftop. To gain access to him, the player must travel to the Three Sisters and follow the clifftop above Caria Manor southwest. Once there, the player can descend several platforms in order to safely reach the Manor rooftop below. When first talking with Pidia, he will offer to sell you a number of rare items from his storeroom.
Carian Manor If Ranni the Witch has been given either the Fingerslayer Blade OR Seluvis' Amber Draught, the player will hear Pidia crying out in pain when approaching his location. Upon reaching him, the player will find Pidia lying dead, surrounded by the puppet soldiers he once maintained. The player can loot Pidia's Bell Bearing from his corpse, as well as one of two puppets depending upon certain conditions. If the player has already given Seluvis' Potion to Nepheli Loux , Pidia will drop the Nepheli Loux Puppet . If the player has not given Seluvis' Potion to Nepheli Loux, Pidia will drop Dolores the Sleeping Arrow Puppet , instead.
If Ranni the Witch has been given either the Fingerslayer Blade OR Seluvis' Amber Draught, the player will hear Pidia crying out in pain when approaching his location. Upon reaching him, the player will find Pidia lying dead, surrounded by the puppet soldiers he once maintained. The player can loot Pidia's Bell Bearing from his corpse, as well as one of two puppets depending upon certain conditions. If the player has already given Seluvis' Potion to Nepheli Loux , Pidia will drop the Nepheli Loux Puppet . If the player has not given Seluvis' Potion to Nepheli Loux, Pidia will drop Dolores the Sleeping Arrow Puppet , instead.
He's in an area in which you can't fight, which means he can't be killed under normal circumstances. When it is revealed in Ranni the Witch 's questline that Seluvis is a puppet, Pidia will subsequently be killed by his Raya Lucaria Soldier puppets before a The Tarnished (Protagonist) champion arrives.
He sells the Weathered Map to the Amber Starlight required for Seluvis's Amber Draught that he wants Ranni the Witch to drink so he can make her into a doll, even though she is already a doll. [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
If Seluvis dies before a puppet reward can be given by him, then dead Pidia will drop the puppet.
Pidia's dialogue is nested inside of Seluvis's dialogue in the files and they have the same voice actor.
Pidia's death at the hands of his Raya Lucaria Soldier puppets
↑ Pidia : "I am charged with maintaining these g-ghastly dolls."
↑ Pidia : "Y-you're my puppets! I loved you with all I have! How could you forget... such bliss? "
↑ Preceptor Seluvis : "Then I'd like you to procure something. A rather unique starlight shard that glistens with amber. With that, my special draught will gleam with nectar-sweetness. And even a demigod would be slave to its charms... You yearn for a puppet of your own, hmm?"
↑ Preceptor Seluvis : "You...understand, don't you? That once you have Ranni drink my draught, my scheme will come to fruition. And we, well, we'll be in a position to claim the very finest puppet ever crafted. Just imagine...the pure elation..."

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Miriel Pastor of Vows
Miriel, Pastor of Vows is an NPC in Elden Ring . Miriel, Pastor of Vows is the Liurna Church of Vow's steward, a huge silver tortoise wearing a mitre. He first interacts with you when arriving at the Church of Vows . Miriel, Pastor of Vows welcomes you and offers to share their knowledge of Sorceries and Incantations , as well as lore on certain characters.
See Miriel, Pastor of Vows Lore
I Welcome you, to the Church of Vows. I am Miriel, steward of this sacred chamber. My apologies, for the unseemly state of affairs.
Miriel, Pastor of Vows can be found at the Church of Vows , a neglected house of worship on the East Isle of Liurnia of the Lakes [ Map Link ]
This NPC does not move. " I would serve as your guide, only my legs aren't what they used to be... "
You can study Sorceries and Incantations with Miriel, Pastor of Vows as well as expand your knowledge regarding Elden Ring's Lore .
You can give Sorcery Scrolls and Incantation Prayerbooks to Miriel.
He has extremely high defense, but does not retaliate if attacked. He drops his bell bearing and 10 Turtle Neck Meat upon death.
"You're Tarnished, aren't you? I Welcome you, to the Church of Vows. I am Miriel, steward of this sacred chamber. My apologies, for the unseemly state of affairs. Do you know the origin of this place?"
"Who can blame you? The Shattering has caused us - all of us - to lose sight of something very dear. It is here, at the Church of Vows, that the great houses of the Erdtree and the Moon were joined. And so, our church holds in view the monuments of both houses. The Erdtree of the Capital, and the Academy of Raya Lucaria."
"Oh, was there something you needed? You are free to show yourself around. I would serve as your guide, only my legs aren't what they used to be... If you find anything of use, you are free to take it with you. Unless perhaps you are in search of instruction? In which case, I will share all that I know".
When given a Prayerbook
"Oh, what have we here? Very well, let us both learn together. Heresy is not native to the world; it is but a contrivance. All things can be conjoined."
"You wish to know more of Lord Radagon? Lord Radagon was a great champion, possessed of flowing red locks. He came to these lands at the head of a great golden host, when he met Lady Rennala in battle. He soon repented his territorial aggressions though, and became husband to the Carian Queen. However, when Godfrey, first Elden Lord, was hounded from the Lands Between, Radagon left Rennala to return to the Erdtree Capital, becoming Queen Marika's second husband and King Consort, taking the title...of second Elden Lord. The mystery endures, to this day... As to why Lord Radagon would cast Lady Rennala aside... and moreover...why a mere champion would be chosen for the seat of Elden Lord".
"You know, it's said that Lord Radagon harboured a secret... A famed sculptor of the Erdtree Capital was once summoned to render Lord Radagon's likeness in giant stature. When he glimpsed the skeleton in Radagon's closet. And as such, it's said the great statue harbours his secret too".
"You wish to know more of Lady Rennala? She is Queen, head of the Carian royal family, and governor of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. The great and beautiful Full Moon Witch. Sadly, her heart was broken when Lord Radagon left her. And then, when the academy rebelled against the royals, she was locked away in the grand library."
"In the end, Lady Rennala was left alone, cradling the amber egg Lord Radagon bequeathed her. Now she devotes herself to it through forbidden rite; the grim art of reincarnation. You would do well to remember... Severing a vow, strongest of bonds, has consequences ever more dire".
"Do you possess any celestial dew? Then I would like to share my knowledge with you. Concerning the miracle of this Church of Vows. Radagon once cleansed himself with celestial dew, repented his territorial aggressions, and swore his love to Rennala. The Order of the Erdtree and the fate of the moon were conjoined, and all the wounds of war forgiven. This miracle blesses the church to this day. And so, you need only follow Radagon's example, to restore any bond, however strained or severed, to its rightful state of harmony."
"To experience the miracle, kneel in the basin at the back, and cleanse yourself with celestial dew. Absolution will be yours. Any bond, no matter how strained, or even severed, will be put to rights."
My faith does not waver. The miracle rooted in these grounds will, once again, mend the world. And this time, its bounty will not be squandered. If you would be Elden Lord, Tarnished, I hope that you, too, will share my faith."
"Is there something else?"
Mngh! Stop it, please. My skin is akin to stone.
I cannot be wounded. I cannot die. But nor will I cause any harm unto you. Cease your futile efforts.
Well, aren't we determined...
Speaking to him after attacking
Are you quite finished? Take this opportunity to learn to master your emotions. Worry not, I take no offence. But others are not always so forgiving. Some take to anger, others sorrow... Bonds are fragile things, wont to break under strain. And once they're broken, everything is lost, with naught to gain.
Miriel is a great candidate for dumping all your scrolls and prayerbooks onto, as he never changes locations and teaches both sorceries and incantations.
No additional dialogue is unlocked by giving Miriel all scrolls and prayerbooks, even after purchasing all sorceries and incantations from them.
Miriel's damage negations (absorptions): Standard: 35 Strike: 0 Slash: 35 Pierce: 0 Magic: -40 Fire: -100 Lightning: -40 Holy: -40
A talisman in the shape of a green turtle. Raises stamina recovery speed.
Turtles are known as a nutritious ingredient, symbolic of inexhaustible power.
However, those who hold turtles to be wise creatures consider the practice of eating their meat to be barbarous.
A hidden Tear found in the Eternal City. Also known as a Night Tear.
Allows one to carry out an Absolution at the Church of Vows, reversing all antagonizations.
Once upon a time, the stars of the night sky guided fate, and this is a recollection of those times.
Shield fashioned from a great turtle shell. The natural curve helps it contend with foes' attacks.
The turtle is a symbol of tirelessness, and this shield boosts stamina recovery speed.
Heresy is not native to the world; it is but a contrivance. All things can be conjoined.
- Miriel, Pastor of Vows
Miriel, Pastor of Vows is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
3 Character Information 3.1 Basic Info
Miriel, Pastor of Vows is the steward of the Church of Vows in eastern Liurnia of the Lakes . A gigantic tortoise wearing a large white mitre, Miriel is a gentle soul who will happily assist The Tarnished on their journey.
Well-versed in both sorceries and incantations , Miriel can be given scrolls as well as prayerbooks , and will readily teach new spells to the player for an appropriate fee.
Miriel also serves as an excellent source of lore on Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon , and her former husband, Radagon of the Golden Order . Exhausting Miriel's dialogue can direct the player toward secrets that advance multiple questlines.
Miriel is the most reliable cleric NPC for prayerbooks, since he never moves away from the church, accepts all types of books and only becomes unavailable once during the Bell Bearing Hunter invasion.

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Thops
Sorcerer Thops is an NPC in Elden Ring . Thops is a student at the Academy of Raya Lucaria. He can teach some rudimentary sorceries , provided you can spare a small donation of 10 Runes first.
For a small donation, I'd be happy to share my knowledge.
Thops can be found at Church of Irith . [ Map Link ]
This NPC will move elsewhere and become unavailable as a merchant if given the second Academy Glintstone Key that you acquire.
Map Coordinates for Thops's location after giving him an Academy Glintstone Key. He can be found dead within Raya Lucaria Academy , nearby the Schoolhouse Classroom Site of Grace. To find his body: From the Schoolhouse Classroom Site of Grace, exit the room via the doorway you originally entered it, towards the cavern with the large wheel with rideable platforms. Hug the right wall to find him, a few steps from the doorway.
To find his body: From the Schoolhouse Classroom Site of Grace, exit the room via the doorway you originally entered it, towards the cavern with the large wheel with rideable platforms. Hug the right wall to find him, a few steps from the doorway.
You can offer to give Thops the first Academy Glintstone Key you find, but he will not accept it, since he knows that you need it to access the academy. To continue his quest line, you must give him the Academy Glintstone Key that you can find within Raya Lucaria Academy.
This merchant can be fought and slain.
Doing his quest will reward you with the Erudition Gesture , which is somewhat useful for solving one magic tower puzzle, and vital for completing another (provided that you also have one of the stone crowns worn by high ranking students of Raya Lucaria Academy).
If he is slain, Thops will drop 500 Runes, Thops’s Bell Bearing , and an Academy Glintstone Staff .
If found dead at Raya Lucaria Academy, you can acquire Thops's Bell Bearing , an Academy Glintstone Staff, and the sorcery Thops's Barrier from his body.
After Thops leaves the Church of Irith, a new Teardrop Scarab can be found near where he once sat. Slaying it will reward the player with the Ash of War: Thops's Barrier .
After speaking with Thops and donating 10 Runes to him, Thops will share that it is his dearest wish to return to Raya Lucaria Academy to continue his studies in glintstone sorcery. Once you have obtained the Academy Glintstone Key found within Raya Lucaria Academy, you can then give it to Thops . Doing so will reward you with the Erudition Gesture . This gesture can be used to solve a couple puzzles found elsewhere (provided that you also have one of the stone crowns worn by high ranking students of Raya Lucaria Academy). Afterwards, Thops will leave for Raya Lucaria Academy.
You can later find him dead, sitting at a desk just outside the room containing the Schoolhouse Classroom Site of Grace within Raya Lucaria Academy . On his body is the sorcery Thops's Barrier, an Academy Glintstone Staff, and Thops's Bell Bearing . You can bring the Bell Bearing to the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold to unlock his inventory for purchase there.
"You're Tarnished, aren't you? Then, perhaps you could spare some runes? Believe it or not, I studied glintstone sorceries at the Academy of Raya Lucaria. For a small donation, I'd be happy to share my knowledge."
"Well, bless you, bless you. You are a true saint. My name is Thops. Presuming you're interested, I can teach you sorceries, as promised. Only, none of them are particularly great..."
Attempting to give a scroll
"Oh, did I not mention? I'm a bluntstone. I don't even have a pebble's worth of power. So I'm afraid I can't help you decipher the scroll. I'm sorry I'm so useless. I truly am."
On Academy Glintstone Key
"Why not find yourself a glintstone key? Without one, you can't pass through the academy, and you'll never reach the Erdtree Capital. And if you find an extra glintstone key, perhaps... Once you've tied up all your loose ends - and I can be very patient - would you consider donating it to me? I know it. I'm a bluntstone. Nary a hint of talent for sorcery. But still, my place is at the academy..."
(If handed Academy Glintstone Key) "Are you certain? You re willing to give your glintstone key to me? ...My oh my! Thank you, thank you dearly. Now I can go back to the academy. To resume my study...of glintstone sorceries, and the very stars".
"Thank you dearly. With your blessing, I will depart for the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Perhaps, one day, you'll pay me a visit? Who knows, I may be a decorated sorcerer by then! Ha ha!".
(If you don't take any Sorcery from him) "Apologies, friend. I'm afraid my meagre sorceries are no match for your generosity. Oh, right. I can tell you what I know about this place. That should help a bit. You've seen that structure to the north, towering over the water? That's the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Where we study glintstone sorceries. Only, its doors have been closed for quite some time now. After they declared they wouldn't interfere with the Shattering, the academy cast repelling seals on the east gate leading to the Capital and the south gate leading here. As you might have guessed, the seals are still active, making entry to the academy impossible without a glintstone key. And so I'm stuck here. A fledgling sorcerer, with little chance of acquiring a key. When they cast the seals, I'd just popped out, and now I'm uprooted from my place of learning."
(If you buy his sorceries) For learning my paltry sorceries. I never imagined that a bluntstone like myself would have the chance to play teacher.
(About Sellen) § "You've taken an apprenticeship with Sellen? Well, that is something. Sellen was well known. The most promising sorceress in the history of the academy. I followed her at school, but there may as well have been an ocean between us. But Sellen was expelled from the academy. Accused of unthinkable treatment of certain sorcerers, under the name of the Graven Witch. I still don't believe the accusations. The illustrious Sellen would never do such things..."
Back to learn another? Why, of course.
(Entering combat) There's no getting through to you, is there.
(Upon killing the player) ... Why on earth...
Oh, Raya...Lucaria... The home of my studies...
If provoked, Thops wields a Carian Glintstone Staff , which he uses to cast Glintstone Pebble . Interestingly, the staff he uses in combat is different from the staff he drops on death.
Thops cannot be given scrolls with sorceries like other spell vendors such as Miriel or Sellen .
His voice actor, Matthew Morgan, also voiced Domhnall of Zena and the Crestfallen Warrior in Dark Souls, as well as the Crestfallen Warrior in Demon's Souls (original and remake) and Crestfallen Saulden from Dark Souls II.
Thops will not move to the Raya Lucaria Academy if he is made hostile after giving him the Academy Glintstone Key, although he will move if you then seek atonement at the Church of Vows .
There are actually two versions of the Academy Glintstone Key. The second one is found within Raya Lucaria Academy itself and is the only one that can be given to Thops to continue his quest.
Of the sorceries that Thops can sell, only Starlight is unique to his inventory. Glintstone Pebble and Glintstone Arc can also be purchased from another NPC in the Limgrave region. Note that owning multiple copies of the same spell does not offer any benefits.
The lifelong pursuit of Thops the Bluntstone.
Creates a magic forcefield that deflects sorceries and incantations. Hold to continuously create barriers.
Future generations will learn. They will know the foolishness of the sneering sorcerers who ridiculed this theory, little realizing that it was in fact a discovery worthy of a new conspectus of the academy.
This Ash of War grants an armament the Magic affinity and the following skill:
"Thops's Barrier: Erect a magical forcefield while swinging the shield to deflect sorceries and incantations. Can also be used in the same way as a regular parry."
Usable on small and medium shields.
Key to the seals binding both gates to the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
Activates warp magic bound within the seals.
A glintstone key will remember its user, meaning once used it can never be passed on to another. The academy does not welcome the indolent.
My name is Thops. Presuming you're interested, I can teach you sorceries, as promised. Only, none of them are particularly great...
Sorcerer Thops is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
3 Character Information 3.1 Basic Info 3.2 Equipment 3.3 Quest Items
4 Questline Progression
A former student of the Academy of Raya Lucaria , Thops was considered a "bluntstone" [ 1 ] , lacking any talent for sorcery, yet he looked up to Sorceress Sellen [ 2 ] prior to her expulsion from the Academy.
When the Shattering broke out, the Academy declared that they would not interfere with the conflict, and the scholars cast repelling seals on the gates. [ 3 ] Thops was outside the Academy's grounds when the seals were cast [ 4 ] , and thus found himself unable to return.
Thops encounters the Tarnished at the Church of Irith in Liurnia of the Lakes , just beyond Stormveil Castle . He offers to share his limited knowledge of sorceries with them in return for a small donation [ 5 ] , and advises them to seek out an Academy Glintstone Key so that they can access the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Should the Tarnished find a second Glintstone Key, they may offer it to Thops, allowing him to finally return to the Academy. Shortly after returning, he passes away hunched over a desk, however he leaves behind a sorcery which may one day form the basis of a new Conspectus . [ 6 ]
Church of Irith Thops can be found at the Church of Irith in Liurnia of the Lakes. Speak to him and agree to donate 10 Runes to unlock his shop.
Thops can be found at the Church of Irith in Liurnia of the Lakes. Speak to him and agree to donate 10 Runes to unlock his shop.
Church of Irith After obtaining the Academy Glintstone Key from within the Academy of Raya Lucaria, return to Thops and hand it to him in order to receive the "Erudition" Gesture. Note that he will not accept the Academy Glintstone Key found near Glintstone Dragon Smarag in north-western Liurnia, as this one is required for you to gain entry to the Academy.
After obtaining the Academy Glintstone Key from within the Academy of Raya Lucaria, return to Thops and hand it to him in order to receive the "Erudition" Gesture. Note that he will not accept the Academy Glintstone Key found near Glintstone Dragon Smarag in north-western Liurnia, as this one is required for you to gain entry to the Academy.
Academy of Raya Lucaria Thops's corpse can be found sitting at a desk outside the room containing the Schoolhouse Classroom Site of Grace. Loot his body to obtain Thops's Barrier, an Academy Glintstone Staff, and Thops's Bell Bearing. Ash of War: Thops's Barrier can now be obtained from a scarab at the Church of Irith.
Thops's corpse can be found sitting at a desk outside the room containing the Schoolhouse Classroom Site of Grace. Loot his body to obtain Thops's Barrier, an Academy Glintstone Staff, and Thops's Bell Bearing. Ash of War: Thops's Barrier can now be obtained from a scarab at the Church of Irith.
Unlike other sorcery instructors in the game, Thops cannot be given scrolls to expand his shop inventory.
Unlike many other characters associated with the Academy of Raya Lucaria , most of which have blue eyes, Thops has golden eyes, indicating he has the grace of gold . It's unknown if this has any relation to his status as an outcast of the academy.

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Rya
Rya (or Rya the Scout ) is an NPC in Elden Ring . Rya acts as a scout for the Volcano Manor , and is the adopted daughter of Tanith . She is initially accosted by Blackguard Boggart , and her real name is Zorayas.
A pleasure to meet you, Brave Tarnished.
Rya can be found at Volcano Manor . [ Map Link ]
End of Questline Location [ Map Link ]
This NPC can be fought She cannot be harmed until she moves into the Volcano Manor dungeon
She cannot be harmed until she moves into the Volcano Manor dungeon
If defeated, drops: Daedicar's Woe
1. If you join the Volcano Manor without speaking to Rya at Liurnia of the Lakes , you will lose access to Blackguard Big Boggart and his questline for the rest of that playthrough, as he will refuse to speak with you if you haven't spoken with Rya in the swamp about retrieving a necklace from someone who stole it. This will also render you unable to purchase Boiled Prawn and Boiled Crab . (However, you can enter the Manor and touch the grace in the room where Tanith and her knight protector reside without losing access to Blackguard Big Boggart's questline as long as you do not speak to Tanith or anyone else in the Manor.)
2. If you kill Rykard before speaking to Rya in her room inside the dungeon, she will disappear from the manor and her quest will become impossible to complete.
First meet her at Liurnia of the Lakes under the pavilion next to the Birdseye Telescope north of Laskyar ruins. Exhausting her dialogue she will ask you to retrieve a necklace from someone who stole it. [ Map Link ]
Head north west from the pavilion until you reach the Boilprawn Shack and its Site of Grace.
Speak to the thief there, Blackguard Big Boggart , who will offer to sell Rya's Necklace back to you for 1000 runes. Alternatively, you can kill him and it will drop. NOTE : Killing Boggart here will lock you out of being able to complete his quest later
NOTE : Killing Boggart here will lock you out of being able to complete his quest later
Return the necklace to her and she will reward you with a Volcano Manor Invitation .She will also tell you about the two main ways to reach Altus Plateau .
When reaching Altus Plateau , you can talk to Rya , and she will teleport you inside Volcano Manor . Depending on which route you took to first reach the plateau, she can be found at one of several locations: the lower part of Lux Ruins , up the stairs from the Erdtree-Gazing Hill site of grace, if you went through the Ruin-Strewn Precipice first the top of Grand Lift of Dectus , to the left of the top of the stairs leaving the lift platform, if you used the lift first NOTE : If she does not appear at either of these locations, try teleporting to the Grand Lift and riding it to the top again to trigger her spawn. NOTE: You can reach Leyndell, Royal Capital through Fia's questline . If done so, Rya won't appear at either of these locations.
the lower part of Lux Ruins , up the stairs from the Erdtree-Gazing Hill site of grace, if you went through the Ruin-Strewn Precipice first
the top of Grand Lift of Dectus , to the left of the top of the stairs leaving the lift platform, if you used the lift first
NOTE : If she does not appear at either of these locations, try teleporting to the Grand Lift and riding it to the top again to trigger her spawn.
NOTE: You can reach Leyndell, Royal Capital through Fia's questline . If done so, Rya won't appear at either of these locations.
After joining Volcano Manor and completing the first part of Tanith questline (i.e., assassination of Old Knight Istvan ) she will move to a different room in the manor and appear in her snake form. Speaking to her during her snake form will progress the questline. NOTE: If you do all contracts in the Volcano Manor , to the point where you get ported to Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy from Tanith , she will no longer have dialogue related to Rya and you will be unable to pursue her optional objectives in this questline.
NOTE: If you do all contracts in the Volcano Manor , to the point where you get ported to Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy from Tanith , she will no longer have dialogue related to Rya and you will be unable to pursue her optional objectives in this questline.
Complete the second part of Tanith questline: assassination of Rileigh the Idle
She will be in human form in the same room where she was seen in her snake form.  she complains about hearing noises in the adjacent room: a clue to the secret passage therein. She asks you to investigate. To proceed in the questline, enter the illusory wall in the room right of hers and reach the grace in Prison Town Church. [ Map Link ] Return to Zorayas and tell her what you have seen to continue. NOTE : You must open the doors leaving Prison Town Church to continue in the questline.
NOTE : You must open the doors leaving Prison Town Church to continue in the questline.
(OPTIONAL) Speak to Lady Tanith and choose the "Zorayas' troubles" option.
Defeat Godskin Noble in the Temple of Eiglay [ Map Link ] to get the Serpent's Amnion .
Give the Serpent's Amnion to Zorayas and she will disappear from the manor once you rest at the grace.
(OPTIONAL - But crucial, see step #13 below) Speaking to Lady Tanith will have the new option "Zorayas' absence". She will give a Tonic of Forgetfulness to give to the upset Zorayas. If you have already completed all the assassination contracts, you will not be able to get the Tonic till you defeat Rykard and have talked to her again. When she leaves the manor, she will leave the Tonic on her chair.
If you have already completed all the assassination contracts, you will not be able to get the Tonic till you defeat Rykard and have talked to her again. When she leaves the manor, she will leave the Tonic on her chair.
Zorayas has moved to the Legacy Dungeon's interior, in a small room adjacent to a lava pit filled with cages and skulls, just before a rope ladder. If you have fully unlocked the area, you can reach it by taking the wooden elevator next to the Temple of Eiglay, getting off at a hidden doorway just below the lift's highest point, and heading straight through the room, out a window, and jump across a lava floe. She is inside the room directly across. If the elevator is not yet active , you can reach the lava floe (or unlock the elevator) by jumping off the balcony of the top floor of Temple of Eiglay. To clarify - take the lift within the Temple of Eiglay (SE of the grace) up and go out through the door to reach the balcony. Jump down to the lava pit with slugs that leads to a rocky bridge you need to jump off, and then climb up the path afterwards. Hop across the lava to find a window on the left, but be ready for the Iron Virgin waiting behind the corner. Once inside there's a door to the right which leads to a bridge with a man-serpent - go past him, the stairs, and then down the hall a bit to find a ladder in one of the windows to your left. You will find Rya in a small alcove at the bottom of it. You can also reach this room by taking the wooden elevator to the top, going straight ahead toward the man-serpent with the lava sword, and jumping out the windows on the left. To clarify - Turn NW from the Temple of Eiglay grace to find the door which leads to the lift if you have access. Right before it reaches the top there is a door leading to an open room with an enemy inside where you will find a window to jump out of. Straight across is Rya's alcove.
If the elevator is not yet active , you can reach the lava floe (or unlock the elevator) by jumping off the balcony of the top floor of Temple of Eiglay. To clarify - take the lift within the Temple of Eiglay (SE of the grace) up and go out through the door to reach the balcony. Jump down to the lava pit with slugs that leads to a rocky bridge you need to jump off, and then climb up the path afterwards. Hop across the lava to find a window on the left, but be ready for the Iron Virgin waiting behind the corner. Once inside there's a door to the right which leads to a bridge with a man-serpent - go past him, the stairs, and then down the hall a bit to find a ladder in one of the windows to your left. You will find Rya in a small alcove at the bottom of it.
To clarify - take the lift within the Temple of Eiglay (SE of the grace) up and go out through the door to reach the balcony. Jump down to the lava pit with slugs that leads to a rocky bridge you need to jump off, and then climb up the path afterwards. Hop across the lava to find a window on the left, but be ready for the Iron Virgin waiting behind the corner. Once inside there's a door to the right which leads to a bridge with a man-serpent - go past him, the stairs, and then down the hall a bit to find a ladder in one of the windows to your left. You will find Rya in a small alcove at the bottom of it.
You can also reach this room by taking the wooden elevator to the top, going straight ahead toward the man-serpent with the lava sword, and jumping out the windows on the left. To clarify - Turn NW from the Temple of Eiglay grace to find the door which leads to the lift if you have access. Right before it reaches the top there is a door leading to an open room with an enemy inside where you will find a window to jump out of. Straight across is Rya's alcove.
To clarify - Turn NW from the Temple of Eiglay grace to find the door which leads to the lift if you have access. Right before it reaches the top there is a door leading to an open room with an enemy inside where you will find a window to jump out of. Straight across is Rya's alcove.
In her new location, the player is given a choice between three actions:. If you kill her, she will transform back into a snake and drop Daedicar's Woe . If you leave her alive and return after killing Rykard, she will have new dialogue. When you reset the area, she is gone and has left Daedicar's Woe and Zorayas' Letter in her place. If you give her the Tonic of Forgetfulness, she simply goes to sleep. After Rykard is killed and the Manor's inhabitants have all left, she will return to her original location in the Manor. Exhaust her dialogue and reload the area to find Daedicar's Woe in her place.
If you kill her, she will transform back into a snake and drop Daedicar's Woe .
If you leave her alive and return after killing Rykard, she will have new dialogue. When you reset the area, she is gone and has left Daedicar's Woe and Zorayas' Letter in her place.
If you give her the Tonic of Forgetfulness, she simply goes to sleep. After Rykard is killed and the Manor's inhabitants have all left, she will return to her original location in the Manor. Exhaust her dialogue and reload the area to find Daedicar's Woe in her place.
If you get to Volcano Manor and complete her snake form questline before talking to Blackguard Big Boggart , the necklace won't trigger anything, so there is no reason to kill him for it(It is requested for his questline to buy it).
If you kill Rykard before speaking to Rya in her room inside the dungeon, it appears that she will disappear from the manor.
At Liurnia of the Lakes
Hello. It's rather chilly here, isn't it? My mistress sent me off on an errand... But I was accosted by a ruffian, and now I'm in a bind. Could I ask you to lend a hand, perhaps? That thug made off with a precious necklace. I need someone to retrieve it. Only... He, too, is Tarnished. If you've any qualms confronting your own, I shall find another...
Ohh, thank you dearly. What a blessing that we've met like this. The thug should be resting at an abandoned home down the way... Please, I must have the necklace back.
Upon attacking / rolling / jumping
Please, stop, Brave Tarnished. You will only tire by striking this barrier. Besides I'm no foe of yours. Please think this over.
I see you've reconsidered. Thank goodness.
Oh, yes, that is my missing necklace. Thank you kindly. I am in your debt. Did I forget to announce myself? I am Rya, in the service of Lady Tanith of the Volcano Manor. I seek stalwart Tarnished who might join our house. You are very brave yourself. Not only a steady hand, but a steady heart, merciless, even to your own kind. Such strength is precisely what my mistress seeks. Please, take this. (Volcano Manor Invitation)
Brave Tarnished, seek the Altus Plateau, the realm of the Erdtree. Most Tarnished are Doomed to wander the outskirts of the Lands Between, peering wistfully at the towering Erdtree... But you are no ordinary Tarnished. And once that is proven, the Volcano Manor will fully extend its invitation. To fight, amongst a family of champions.
Ohh, and... One more thing, only for you... This land of Liurnia is connected to the Altus Plateau by the Grand Lift of Dectus, beyond the High Road. But the lift has been defunct for an age, meaning there's no simple means of passage. Instead, you must seek the old ruins in the cliff. At the base of the valley near the Grand Lift, there's an old tunnel. It was excavated from both ends, linking Liurnia to the Altus Plateau. I have faith in you, A champion, through and throught. I do hope that we can meet again.
At the Grand Lift of Dectus/Lux Ruins
I've been waiting for you. I knew you had the stuff of champions. I hereby invite you to the Volcano Manor. Take my hand, and have audience with my mistress.
Give me your hand. I will pray. That you follow the same path as Lady Tanith.
(If she teleported you to Volcano Manor) Hello again. Brave Tarnished. As a scout, I am pleased to see you again here at the Volcano Manor. Under Lady Tanith's guidance, may you tread the path of valour.
(If she didn't teleport you) Hello again. Brave Tarnished. It is a shame that I did not beckon you here with my own hand, but I am pleased that we meet again, here at the Volcano Manor. Under Lady Tanith's guidance, may you tread the path of valour.
(If you haven't met her before) A pleasure to meet you. Brave Tarnished. I am Rya, the scout. Very pleased to welcome you to the Volcano Manor. Under Lady Tanith's guidance, may you tread the path of valour.
After completing the first Volcano Manor quest
Have you ever...heard any strange sounds here at the manor? Something beyond the walls, like breathing, or slithering scales... Oh fie what am I saying? It just isn't possible. I must be tired.
Sometimes I hear strange sounds beyond the walls. Like breathing, or slithering scales. Oh, perhaps I'm just feeling tired.
After completing the second Volcano Manor quest §
Brave Tarnished, what is your business here? I'm afraid this is not a guest room. What's that peculiar look upon your face? Goodness, am I still a serpent? Oh, how dreadful... How dreadful indeed... Forgive my distress. I ought to be thanking you for treating me as usual, despite this appearance. Brave Tarnished. This is my true form. My real name is Zorayas. Please forgive the deception. Do understand. The duplicity is my own doing. Lady Tanith speaks no falsehoods, and the Volcano Manor is just as it seems.
Lady Tanith is my mother. I am told I was born by the grace of a glorious king. That my mother cherishes this form I inhabit. I am proud of what I am. But people are cruel. If they saw my true form, the wouldn't speak to me. And so I assume a guise when seeking new recruits. But you are not like the rest.
My serpentine form, and the name Zorayas, were secrets known only to Lady Tanith and I. Now I share the secrets with you, as well. Please keep them safe from anyone else.
After speaking to Tanith and reloading the area
Um, oh, it's you. Forgive me. My mind never ceases to churn of late. Hmm, well... I know I can trust you... I saw something, slithering in the pitch black of night. It entered the room next to this one, and never came out. If I'm not mistaken, it took the form of a serpent, just like me... Does the Volcano Manor hide some secret, that Lady Tanith has kept from me? I realise that I shouldn't impose but, if you discover anything, would you please share?
Tell her of the dark side of Volcano Manor
Really... Oh, so there was a secret after all... Oh my... Lady Tanith, my own mother, has deceived me... Was I not... born by the grace of a king?
Giving her the Serpent's Amnion §
I remember this scent, distinctly. Funny, isn't it. I am certain of it. I was born inside this. It's a part of my birth mother. You have my gratitude. Thanks to you, I am no longer afraid. I want to know. How I was born, and met Lady Tanith. One day, I hope to call her mother once again, this time from the bottom of my heart.
At Volcano Manor's dungeon
Oh, it's you... I'm afraid... there is something I must tell you. I was an unwanted child. Born not of grace, but of a hideous ritual. Something that can never be accepted, not by men, nor serpents. Even Lady Tanith shouldn't accept me. I know that you have done so much for me. But I wish to ask one last kindness. Kill me, please. I thought that I feared nothing. But this... Free me from this accursed frame.
Agh... Thank you... My champion... Mother...
Give Tonic of Forgetfulness
Yes, of course. You always were very kind.
Ahh... How delightfully sweet... And yet...
After Rykard is defeated & tonic was given
Oh, it's you. Heaven knows what happened here, but Lady Tanith, and all the Tarnished champions, are gone. It feels rather quiet without them. But with you here, things will be just fine.
I await Lady Tanith. I am her daughter, born by the grace of a great king. I do not wish to burden her, or cause concern. Brave Tarnished. Do tread the path of valour. I'm certain that this is what Lady Tanith wishes.
After Rykard is defeated and you leave her be
You're not willing to kill me, are you. Hah... You've always been so kind. And uncompromising.
I suppose I knew in my heart of hearts. How kind, and uncompromising, you always were.
A golden barrier is protecting her at her first location if rolling, jumping or attacking (near) her.
On the map (post-1.03), her name is displayed as Zorayas the Scout, if she told the player her true name.
Amnion from the mother's womb which cradled the poor unwanted offspring of a repellant birthing ritual.
It will never dry out, remaining damp indefinitely.
Farewell letter written in an inexpert hand.
"I wish to set out on a journey. So that one day, I can carry on Mother's work. Be the proud daughter of Tanith of Volcano Manor.
Farewell. You've always been so kind. So uncompromising. My champion."
Disturbing likeness of a woman whose skin was flayed. She smiles with a serene tenderness.
Increases damage taken.
It is said that this woman, named Daedicar, indulged in every form of adultery and wicked pleasure imaginable, giving birth to a myriad of grotesque children.
Letter given by Rya as thanks for retrieving her necklace. Contains an invitation to Volcano Manor.
"Brave Tarnished, Seek the Altus Plateau in the realm of the Erdtree.
Prove yourself by making this journey, and the Volcano Manor will fully extend its invitation. To fight, amongst a family of champions."
Necklace stolen from Rya by the blackguard.
Features a relief of a dignified looking woman from a foreign country.
It appears to hold great significance for Rya.
Embroidered, bright green robe worn by noble children. Donning such a robe is traditionally the child's first show of burgeoning independence.
"But as her adoptive mother, I ask of you."
"May I ask your aid? Not as the Manor's proprietress, but as Zorayas' mother. If she discovers the answer to her question, and it causes distress, have her drink this potion. To purge that which would cause her pain."
I am Rya, in the service of Lady Tanith of the Volcano Manor
Rya the Scout is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Equipment 2.2 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
A young woman who works as a scout for the Recusants of Volcano Manor , tasked with recruiting Tarnished to the cause. [ 1 ] Rya is the adopted daughter of Tanith [ 2 ] , although she believes her to be her true mother. [ 3 ] In truth, Rya is a Man-Serpent of Mt. Gelmir , born of a repellent birthing ritual [ 4 ] , and her true name is Zorayas. [ 5 ]
Rya first encounters the Tarnished in Liurnia of the Lakes , where they assist her in retrieving her Necklace from Blackguard Big Boggart . In return, Rya invites the Tarnished to Volcano Manor, where they have the opportunity to join the Recusants and serve under Tanith. During their service, the Tarnished stumbles upon Rya in her true, serpentine form. [ 6 ] Rya reports hearing slithering sounds beyond the walls of the Manor [ 7 ] , and begins to question her origins when the Tarnished reveals to her the secrets of the Manor, having previously believed herself to have been born of a king's grace. [ 8 ] When the Tarnished presents her with the Serpent's Amnion , which she surmises to have come from her birth mother [ 9 ] , she ventures deeper into Volcano Manor to learn the truth behind her birth, hoping to one day be able to call Tanith her mother again. [ 10 ]
Concerned about her daughter, Tanith requests that the Tarnished give Rya a Tonic of Forgetfulness , to prevent the distress caused by the truth of her birth. [ 11 ]
The Tarnished finds Rya deep within the Manor, where she reveals that she has discovered her origins as the product of a hideous ritual. [ 12 ] Distressed, she begs the Tarnished to kill her. [ 13 ] Should the Tarnished agree, she will thank the Tarnished and her mother before passing. [ 14 ] Should they instead give her the Tonic of Forgetfulness, she will fall asleep, and later return to the Manor's drawing room, with no memories of her journey, still believing Tanith to be her mother. [ 15 ]
Should the Tarnished refuse to kill her or give her the tonic, she will leave Volcano Manor, leaving behind a letter declaring her intention to set out on a journey so that she can continue Tanith's work. [ 16 ]
Note: This questline locks after killing Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy, and all steps not yet completed will no longer be available.
(Optional) Liurnia of the Lakes Rya can be found in a folly north of the Laskyar Ruins . Speak to her and exhaust her dialogue, then travel to Boilprawn Shack and purchase Rya's Necklace from Blackguard Big Boggart. Return to Rya and hand over the necklace to receive an Invitation to Volcano Manor. It is not possible to kill her in this location, as she is protected by a barrier.
Rya can be found in a folly north of the Laskyar Ruins . Speak to her and exhaust her dialogue, then travel to Boilprawn Shack and purchase Rya's Necklace from Blackguard Big Boggart. Return to Rya and hand over the necklace to receive an Invitation to Volcano Manor.
It is not possible to kill her in this location, as she is protected by a barrier.
(Optional) Altus Plateau If the previous step was completed, Rya will be waiting at Lux Ruins in Altus Plateau. Speak to her and she will offer to transport you to Volcano Manor. It is not possible to kill her in this location, as she is protected by a barrier.
If the previous step was completed, Rya will be waiting at Lux Ruins in Altus Plateau. Speak to her and she will offer to transport you to Volcano Manor.
Volcano Manor Rya can now be found in the Volcano Manor drawing room after joining the Recusants. After defeating Old Knight Istvan and receiving the reward from Tanith, talk to Rya in the drawing room, then reload the area and enter the previously locked room across the corridor from the drawing room to find Rya in serpent form. Exhaust her dialogue.
Rya can now be found in the Volcano Manor drawing room after joining the Recusants. After defeating Old Knight Istvan and receiving the reward from Tanith, talk to Rya in the drawing room, then reload the area and enter the previously locked room across the corridor from the drawing room to find Rya in serpent form. Exhaust her dialogue.
Volcano Manor After defeating Rileigh the Idle and receiving the reward from Tanith, speak to Rya in the same room as the previous step. Go into the room next to this and pass through the illusory wall at the back, then follow the path to the prison Town Church Site of Grace. Rest at the Site of Grace, then return to Rya and speak to her once again.
After defeating Rileigh the Idle and receiving the reward from Tanith, speak to Rya in the same room as the previous step. Go into the room next to this and pass through the illusory wall at the back, then follow the path to the prison Town Church Site of Grace. Rest at the Site of Grace, then return to Rya and speak to her once again.
Volcano Manor After defeating the Godskin Noble boss in Volcano Manor, obtain the Serpent's Amnion and give it to Rya. (Optional) Speak to Tanith to obtain the Tonic of Forgetfulness.
After defeating the Godskin Noble boss in Volcano Manor, obtain the Serpent's Amnion and give it to Rya.
(Optional) Speak to Tanith to obtain the Tonic of Forgetfulness.
Volcano Manor Rya can now be found in a small room above the Temple of Eiglay Site of Grace, past an Iron Virgin . You now have three options to resolve this questline. If you received the Tonic of Forgetfulness, you may offer it to her, causing her to fall asleep. After killing Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy , return to the Volcano Manor drawing room and speak to her. Reload the area and return to where she was to obtain Daedicar's Woe. If you choose to kill her, you will obtain Daedicar's Woe. If you refuse to kill her and do not give her the Tonic of Forgetfulness, return to where she was after defeating Rykard to obtain Daedicar's Woe and Zorayas' Letter.
Rya can now be found in a s

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Iron Fist Alexander
Iron Fist Alexander (AKA Alexander, Warrior Jar ) is an NPC in Elden Ring . Iron Fist Alexander is a large Living Jar who set out from his home one day in search of adventure, seeking to become a mighty warrior. He also becomes available as an NPC Summon cooperater where he can fight alongside players
See Iron Fist Alexander Lore
I am Alexander, also known as the Iron Fist. And as you can see, I'm stuck here.
Alexander is first found stuck in the ground, asking for help. If you talk to him, he will kindly ask you to help him out. You can choose to either help him out or simply leave him there in the ground.
This NPC can be fought.
Damage: Standard , Strike , (without final encounter) Standard , Strike , Fire (final part of his quest)
If defeated, drops: 1500 Runes Warrior Jar Shard (if fought BEFORE Crumbling Farum Azula ) Shard of Alexander (if fought at Crumbling Farum Azula ) Alexander's Innards (if fought at Crumbling Farum Azula )
Warrior Jar Shard (if fought BEFORE Crumbling Farum Azula )
Shard of Alexander (if fought at Crumbling Farum Azula )
Alexander's Innards (if fought at Crumbling Farum Azula )
Iron Fist Alexander is found in multiple locations as the story progresses:
Alexander can be found in Northern Stormhill , West to the river and North of the Agheel Lake North Site of Grace. [ Map Link ]
He can next be found in Gael Tunnel . This tunnel is in the border, between Caelid and Limgrave . He can be found past a door, and once he is talked to he expresses his desire to move on to Redmane Castle . [ Map Link ] If the Radahn Festival has been triggered, Alexander will disappear and appear at Redmane Castle .
This tunnel is in the border, between Caelid and Limgrave .
He can be found past a door, and once he is talked to he expresses his desire to move on to Redmane Castle . [ Map Link ]
If the Radahn Festival has been triggered, Alexander will disappear and appear at Redmane Castle .
Talk to him again at Redmane Castle , he will talk about his excitement about the incoming encounter with Radahn. [ Map Link ]
He can then be summoned for the boss fight against Starscourge Radahn . If he has not been interacted with prior to this, he will show up at the festival anyway and introduce himself. Before moving to his next location, he can be found scavenging at Starscourge Radahn's Site of Grace. Here he must be talked to exhausting all dialogue to continue his questline. [ Map Link ]
If he has not been interacted with prior to this, he will show up at the festival anyway and introduce himself.
Before moving to his next location, he can be found scavenging at Starscourge Radahn's Site of Grace.
Here he must be talked to exhausting all dialogue to continue his questline. [ Map Link ]
Found in Liurnia of the Lakes , just south of Carian Study Hall . Follow the path south from the Artist's Shack Site of Grace. Alexander will call out for help as the player gets closer to his location. He will ask you to make him "slippery." Use an Oil Pot or Roped Oil Pot to free him. This step can be skipped by going to Mt. Gelmir after the Radahn festival. [ Map Link ]
Follow the path south from the Artist's Shack Site of Grace. Alexander will call out for help as the player gets closer to his location.
He will ask you to make him "slippery." Use an Oil Pot or Roped Oil Pot to free him.
This step can be skipped by going to Mt. Gelmir after the Radahn festival. [ Map Link ]
Found near the Seethewater Terminus Site of Grace at a lava lake south of Fort Laiedd in Mt. Gelmir . A message left by Alexander hints at his location. It is found by the entrance of the Volcano Manor , by the cliff off to the right. Alexander is sitting in the lake behind a Magma Wyrm . Alexander can be spoken to from the safety of the rock in the lava lake. Upon exhausting all of his dialogue, he will give the player the Jar . [ Map Link ]
A message left by Alexander hints at his location. It is found by the entrance of the Volcano Manor , by the cliff off to the right.
Alexander is sitting in the lake behind a Magma Wyrm . Alexander can be spoken to from the safety of the rock in the lava lake.
Upon exhausting all of his dialogue, he will give the player the Jar . [ Map Link ]
Can be summoned for the boss fight against Fire Giant . His sign will appear only after entering the area through either chain. [ Map Link ]. Summoning sign is inside arena, therefore does not affect boss healthbar. Player can summon him at any point of the fight. In this encounter, he is immune to Fire Damage and deals high Stance Damage, therefore he is a very viable summon at a cost of inability to use Torrent. Note: Alexander will not appear at the next location until you've defeated Fire Giant and progressed the story.
Summoning sign is inside arena, therefore does not affect boss healthbar. Player can summon him at any point of the fight.
In this encounter, he is immune to Fire Damage and deals high Stance Damage, therefore he is a very viable summon at a cost of inability to use Torrent.
Note: Alexander will not appear at the next location until you've defeated Fire Giant and progressed the story.
Found in Crumbling Farum Azula . From the Dragon Temple Lift grace (can be accessed by using two Stonesword Keys), go past the plaza full of undead up the flight of stairs, turn right and you'll see two square bracket shaped archways. Jump on the archway on the left (closest to the sleeping dragon) to get over to the other side. Alexander can be found directly on the flat arena after crossing the crumbling tower. [ Map Link ] He will challenge you to a warrior's duel, and if you win, he will reward you with Alexander's Innards and Shard of Alexander . If you lose, he will continue letting you challenge him until you win.
From the Dragon Temple Lift grace (can be accessed by using two Stonesword Keys), go past the plaza full of undead up the flight of stairs, turn right and you'll see two square bracket shaped archways. Jump on the archway on the left (closest to the sleeping dragon) to get over to the other side. Alexander can be found directly on the flat arena after crossing the crumbling tower. [ Map Link ]
He will challenge you to a warrior's duel, and if you win, he will reward you with Alexander's Innards and Shard of Alexander .
If you lose, he will continue letting you challenge him until you win.
You can help Iron Fist Alexander out by hitting him a few times on the back with any weapon. While you hit him, he will express some pain, but then he'll tell you to keep trying.
Alexander delivers some words of encouragement.
After pushing Alexander out, he will stand up, congratulate you, and present the Triumphant Delight Gesture . He then rewards you with Exalted Flesh and hints at his next destination: the combat festival at Redmane Castle in Caelid .
Alexander's next location is Gael Tunnel , accessible from the rear entrance bordering Limgrave and Caelid , or by reaching the boss room and opening the one-way door. He will mention the Caelid festival again. You can skip this step if you have already triggered the Radahn Festival through Blaidd's questline.
At Redmane Castle , Alexander is found in the plaza with other participants and can be summoned as a cooperator during the fight against Starscourge Radahn .
After Radahn's defeat, Alexander moves south of the Starscourge Radahn Site of Grace in Wailing Dunes , scavenging fallen soldiers to strengthen himself.
Alexander can be found in the plaza of Redmane Castle with the other participants. He is one of the cooperators that can be summoned during the fight against Starscourge Radahn .
After Radahn's defeat, Alexander can be found just south of Starscourge Radahn site of grace in Wailing Dunes , scavenging the remains of fallen soldiers to strengthen himself.
Next, in Liurnia of the Lakes , south of the Carian Study Hall , Alexander will be stuck in a hole. Applying an Oil Pot and then hitting him will free him. He will reward you with Exalted Flesh and mention heading north to further strengthen himself. You can skip this step if you’ve already visited Mt. Gelmir .
In Mt. Gelmir , Alexander is found in a lava pool on the west side, behind a Magma Wyrm . You can safely talk to him from the spires jutting out of the lava pool. He will give you the Jar as a token of friendship and plans to go to the Forge of the Giants in the east.
As an NPC cooperator against the Fire Giant , Alexander’s summon sign will be located within the arena, near its entrances.
After defeating Fire Giant and progressing the main story, his final location is in Crumbling Farum Azula . He can be found standing atop a large ruin as you descend toward the Dragon Temple . If you’ve accessed the Dragon Temple Lift, you can find him by platforming across the upper debris. Alexander will challenge you to a final duel. Defeat him to receive Alexander's Innards and the Shard of Alexander .
Hello-o? Can you hear me? Help me! I'm stuck. Hello? Hellooo! Anyone! (repeating)
Oh my stars I'm so happy to see you! I am Alexander, also known as the Iron Fist. And as you can see, I'm stuck here. Please, can you help me out of this?
Choosing "Help him out"
My thanks! a thousand thanks! Just give me a good smack from the rear, with something nice and big.
Put those doubts to rest, I'll be just fine. I'm very well trained. Give it your all, I say!
Talking again without helping
Come on, give me a good smack from behind with something nice and big. I'll pop clean out. I'm sure of it!
Choosing "Don't help"
I see. More's the pity. No, no, don't apologize. Despite my appearance, I am a chip off a greater jar. I'll pop out eventually, just you wait.
After "Don't help" and returning (female):
Ahh, what's that look good lady? Are you willing to help me out after all?
After attacking him in Limgrave
What are you playing at?
Wait, I see. I see it now. Humans all lose their wits, eventually.
(On player kill) A finer battle was never witnessed. How do you fancy joining the lads inside, eh?
Killing him at Limgrave
How could this... Was my whole existence... just a crock?
Upon getting unstuck
"Ahh! Well played good lady/sir. Well Played. Though that mighty wallop of yours almost spelt the end of me! Ha ha ha ha! Well, I'm out now, and that's what counts. I thank you, and as a token of my appreciation, I'd like you to have this". [Hands over x1 Exalted Flesh]
"Once again, the pleasure is mine. I am the warrior jar known as Alexander. Iron Fist Alexander, in fact. I journey to the east, where I intend to further my education in the ways of war. Beyond these lands lie the scarlet rot-blighted Caelid Wilds. And upon their southern edge is Redmane Castle, in which a festival of combat is being held. I'd heard whispers of such festivities before... Doesn't the notion set your breast aflutter! Ha ha ha ha!"
I'm heading eastward. To Redmane Castle on the southern edge of the scarlet rot-blighted Caelid Wilds. I've heard there's to be a festival held there.
Second encounter at Gael Tunnel , or if encountering after going through from Caelid side
The esteemed warrior. Where did you spring from? This was supposed to be a dead end, I'm sure of it. What's going on here? A door, from thin air! Well, stranger things happen at sea, or so I'm told, but onward! To the Caelid Wilds. Gosh, that dead-end had me rather stumped! Heh...heh..
It's time I set off. To the festival al Redmane Castle on the southern edge of the scarlet rot-blighted Caelid Wilds. Doesn't the thought just set your heart aflutter!
Before fighting Radahn at Redmane Castle
Ah, you came, how delightful! Indeed, I thought I might find you here. By the by, do you know for whom this festival is being held? Well, it is none other than General Radahn himself! To think, I could face a great champion of the Shattering, a demigod in the flesh... In truth I quiver at the thought, such is his frightful repute. But! The fear simply assures me the ordeal is worth undertaking! Now, be sure to get a good vantage, my friend. I, Iron Fist Alexander, do hereby vow to unflinchingly brave this ordeal.
After fighting Radahn at Redmane Castle
A-ah, hello there. It was a battle marvellously fought. You are well and truly a champion, friend. I, on the other hand, am nothing but a crock. One hit was all it took to crack me, and for my insides to come spilling out. After that, I hid like a coward. And as such, I can hardly stand to face one such as you.
...But don't you think I've given up just yet. As luck would have it, there's a veritable mountain of warriors' bodies right here. If I can just squeeze this bunch down inside me, I'll be a mighty warrior again in no time. And you know... The bodies found here are exceedingly fine. Who could expect any less from the very warriors who fought in the Shattering, the greatest of all wars! Just you wait and see, friend. I'll grow even stronger! Just you wait, when next we meet! Heh heh...
At Liurnia of the Lakes
(Calling out) Hello-o? Can you hear me? Help me! I'm stuck. Hello? Hellooo! Anyone! (repeating)
Ahh, hello! How nice it is to see a friendly face! As you can surmise, I've got myself stuck in another hole. Would you mind helping me out, again?
(Help him out) My thanks in advance, I know you're the man for the job! You know what to do, hm? Give me a good smack from behind with something nice and big. Don't worry about my wound sustained at the festival. I'm stuck back together good and proper! Just give it your all!
Come on, give me a good smack from behind with something nice and big!
(Don't help) I see. More's the pity. No no. I apologise. Don't you worry about a thing. Despite my appearance. I am but a chip off a greater jar. I'll pop out eventually, just you wait.
(Returning after declining to help) What's that look, good sir? Are you willing to help me after all?
(After hitting him) Ah! P-please! Wait. I have a terrible feeling about this! Would you stop hitting me for a minute!
(Hitting again) Argh! Cease! Please! Just stop a moment, I beg!
(Third hit) My lower half is stuck on something down there!
(Fourth hit) I'll break! I'll break before i'm out!
(Fifth hit) Argh, no! Stop, please! I beg, I beg of you!
(Repeatedly hitting him after the fifth hit) Argh!
(Hitting his face) G-good gosh, stop, please! That's my face! Smack me from the other end! The other end!
Phew. I thought I was apt to split in half. I can feel my lower half is stuck on something. I don't think you can get me out just by hitting me, this time. Hmm... Let's think... Perhaps there's a way to slide me out a little more smoothly...What if I could somehow be made slippery, or somesuch?
(After throwing some oil) By the gods you are a man of vision! This will have me as slippery as a toad. I have a good feeling about this, my friend. Right! Give me a good smack from behind with something nice and big!
Releasing him at Liurnia
Nngh! Oh, yes! That's the ticket!
My thanks! To you and your razor-sharp wits. As a token of my thanks, I'd like you to have this.
Deary me, I'm oilier than a toad! There were countless oil jars back where I'm from actually. And now I know what it's like to be one of them! Heh heh...
Yes, indeed, I too have a home. Though it is one to which I have vowed not to return. So, I thought I might look out from atop the cliff, but as I drew closer and closer... Pow! Wouldn't you know it, I was perfectly stuck in that blasted hole. I can feel the warriors inside admonishing me for my mawkishness. To walk the path of champions, one cannot cleave to the past! I'm headed to the fiery mount in the north. I can strengthen myself there, without fear of cracking this vessel. I will forge myself anew in its flames!
Ngh! Rnnngh! O mountain of fire! Bake me in your flames!
Nnngh! Ah, good lady/sir, what business might you have in such a place as this? I hardly think you're here to temper yourself with flame, considering that flesh form of yours. Your timing though, is impeccable as ever! I've been making just the thing for you on my journey here. Take it, I'm sure it'll suit you to a tee. [Hands over Jar ]
But oh, it's hardly more than lukewarm here. I won't be able to temper my body such that it'll never crack again. Perhaps I'll head eastward. There's an old saying I've caught wind of. "Above the lofty clouds, the icy giant's peak doth soar, here lieth the flame of ruin, which ever burning roars."
Alexander speaks and sounds similar to Siegmeyer and Siegward of Catarina from Dark Souls and Dark Souls 3, though those 2 share a different voice actor than Alexander, therefore his character could possibly be a reference to the Catarina Knights of games past.
According to the Shard of Alexander, it would seem that Alexander had taken parts of a “red-haired champion” into himself, making him mightier than before. Radahn would easily fit this description, seeing as Alexander was busy scraping up bodies to fill himself once more, after fighting Radahn. It would be easy to assume that he had taken parts of Radahn and shoved it inside of him.
He is an available NPC Summon against Starscourge Radahn during the Radahn festival and can also be summoned against the Fire Giant .  Progress in his questline, and he will be available as a summon. Make sure he is not stuck in his first location or stuck South of the Carian Study Hall in Liurnia. His summon sign will be at the fog gate entrance close to the Site of Grace before facing the Fire Giant.
During the final encounter, he is immune to Fire Damage .
After besting him in the final duel, you can hit him while he's down to skip the post-battle dialogue and you will still get the correct rewards.
A fragment of a living jar, hardened after its death. Material used for crafting items.
Such fragments command a high price due to the magical power locked within. This leaves the living jars unfortunate targets for poachers.
Shard of a shattered warrior jar.
Boosts the attack power of skills.
Scraps of stewed flesh cling to the shard, and tatters of ornaments can be seen mingled within the slime. Relics of ancient royal warriors, perhaps.
A lump of animal flesh pickled in a medicinal solution mixed with fiery spices. Craftable item.
Temporarily boosts physical attack.
Considered a delicacy in the badlands, this invigorating repast was for the exclusive benefit of those who they deem heroes.
One of Seluvis' puppets. Use to summon the spirit of a jarwight. Spirit of a man who wished to become the innards of a livingjar. A jar-hurling specialist who throws all manner of pots and jars.
The warrior jar once told the nameless man this: "You are not yet ready to join the warriors inside. No, you must apply yourself! Better yourself, and one day I will return for you."
Jar that fits cleanly over the head when upturned. Made with pride by Iron Fist Alexander.
In a uniquely jarlike gesture of friendship, it boosts the power of throwing pot items.
A keepsake of the warrior jar Alexander. Found at the core of the dead flesh that once filled the great jar.

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Boggart
Blackguard Big Boggart is a Tarnished NPC in Elden Ring . Initially encountered as the thief of Rya's Necklace , he is a minor NPC and merchant.
He is involved in the questlines of Rya and the Dung Eater . Blackguard Big Boggart is available as an NPC Summon against Magma Wyrm Makar by progressing his questline.
Never met someone with a taste for prawns I couldn't trust.
Blackguard Big Boggart can initially be found in the Liurnia of the Lakes swamps at the Boilprawn Shack , just north of the Scenic Isle grace. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Once befriended, he can be summoned for the Magma Wyrm Makar fight at the Ruin-Strewn Precipice .
Later, he moves to Leyndell in the northern section of the moat near the Capital rampart. [ Elden Ring Map Link ] (Be cautious about fighting the giant crab in this area as it can breathe Death Blight on him.)
This merchant can be fought.
If defeated, drops: Blackguard's Iron Mask , Iron Ball , Blackguard's Bell Bearing , 1,000 runes.
If you go to the Volcano Manor without speaking to Rya at Liurnia of the Lakes , you will lose access to Blackguard Big Boggart and his questline for the rest of that playthrough. This will also render you unable to purchase Boiled Prawn and Boiled Crab .
Boggart is introduced as the thief who stole a necklace from Rya . He is not remorseful of his actions but offers to sell the necklace back. He warns the player that Rya isn't right in the head, a hint that there is something more to her character.
The player can choose to buy the necklace back from Boggart for 1,000 runes, or just kill him. Killing him this early will lock you out of purchasing Boiled Crabs . You must at least initiate the quest from Rya before reaching Volcano Manor , when she moves there. If you don't, you will be unable to progress Boggart's questline. Assuming he lives from his first interaction, he can then be summoned for the Magma Wyrm Makar fight.
Assuming he lives from his first interaction, he can then be summoned for the Magma Wyrm Makar fight.
If they bought the necklace back, the player can then buy Boiled Prawns from him, after which he remarks that he's never met someone with a taste for prawns that he couldn't trust. This befriends him and progresses his questline but will put him at risk.
If the player bought prawns from Boggart , he moves to Leyndell , in the outer moat near the capital rampart. He will be cooking and selling Boiled Crabs . Doing this before completing Dung Eater's questline may result in Boggart's death.
At the Leyndell moat, he warns the player about his time in prison with the Dung Eater, where Boggart saw him do "unspeakable acts" to corpses. Boggart warns the player to stay clear of Dung Eater.
If the Dung Eater's questline is at the point where he will be "waiting in the outer moat", and the blackguard is present in Leyndell, exhaust Boggart's dialogue here until he says he thinks the Dung Eater is lurking somewhere nearby. Killing Boggart after this dialogue but before reloading will prevent any further dialogue, but a body will still be seated near the crab pot; however, the body will not have a Seedbed Curse .
Killing Boggart after this dialogue but before reloading will prevent any further dialogue, but a body will still be seated near the crab pot; however, the body will not have a Seedbed Curse .
Then reload the area and interact with the now wounded blackguard to trigger the invasion.
A Seedbed Curse will be found on Big Boggart's body at the end of his questline, along with his drops. If you have been invaded by the Dung Eater in the moat before Boggart moves there, you will be unable to get a Seedbed Curse from his body. Alternatively, you can save Boggart by aggroing him at the Leyndell moat before freeing the Dung Eater in his cell. Once you have defeated the Dung Eater during his invasion and you have fed Dung Eater's corporeal body Seluvis's Potion and/or killed him in his cell (in which you can do both to obtain the Dung Eater Puppet and the Omen Set simultaneously), head to the Church of Vows to absolve your sin and make Boggart friendly again. [There are reports that it no longer works since 1.10, but user xbot668 reports it does work. Try at your own risk] You will miss out the Seedbed Curse, and Boggart will die the moment you use the Celestial Dew. Another way to save Boggart is to simply not buy prawns from him when he's in Boilprawn Shack , as this prompts him to move to his second location in Leyndell. Instead, you can finish Dung Eater's questline and then go back to him. Buy at least one prawn and then go find him at the moat and now he will stay alive and safe from Dung Eater, cooking crab meat.
Alternatively, you can save Boggart by aggroing him at the Leyndell moat before freeing the Dung Eater in his cell. Once you have defeated the Dung Eater during his invasion and you have fed Dung Eater's corporeal body Seluvis's Potion and/or killed him in his cell (in which you can do both to obtain the Dung Eater Puppet and the Omen Set simultaneously), head to the Church of Vows to absolve your sin and make Boggart friendly again. [There are reports that it no longer works since 1.10, but user xbot668 reports it does work. Try at your own risk] You will miss out the Seedbed Curse, and Boggart will die the moment you use the Celestial Dew.
Another way to save Boggart is to simply not buy prawns from him when he's in Boilprawn Shack , as this prompts him to move to his second location in Leyndell. Instead, you can finish Dung Eater's questline and then go back to him. Buy at least one prawn and then go find him at the moat and now he will stay alive and safe from Dung Eater, cooking crab meat.
What are you lookin' at? You trying to start something, mate?
Oh piss off, what is it now? Oh, I see. You want some of me prawn? Freshly cooked it is. Alright then. It's yours, if you can meet me price. I could be persuaded to sell you some other bits too, if you've got the runes.
Marika's tits, you must be 'ungry.
Alright, mate. Want some more prawn, do ya?
What are you lookin' at? Oh... you again, is it. Perfect bloody timing, actually. I got crab, cooked up fresh.
Alright, mate. Want some more crab, do ya?
(Give me the necklace ) Oh, that necklace what you're after, is it? Hmm, well... Show me what it's worth to you, and I'll consider parting ways with it. I'm not in love with it or nothing.
(Leave, then talk) What the hell is wrong with you. You trying to start something? Piss off. Before I crack you in 'alf.
(Deal) You're a shrewd one, chief. First, you hand me the runes. And don't try nothin', neither.
(Refuse) Think you're bloody clever, do ya? Then how about you piss off? fore I crack you in 'alf.
(Refuse, then talk) This bloody swine... Decided to play ball now, 'ave you? You'll be wanting the necklace, then?
(About Rya) Oh, so you met the girl, did ya? Alright, well, sod the particulars of the matter, but it ain't my fault she's stupid enough to get duped, is it. Anyway, she ain't all right, that one. Lucky she ain't died on the bloody roadside, I reckon.
You're Tarnished too, ain'tcha? Can you see it then? The guidance of grace, I mean. I can't see it at all no more. Makes no bloody sense anyway, why some no-name shithead like me should get called to the Lands Between. Cruel bloody joke, you ask me. Maybe something went tits up with it. Maybe... it's been broke for a good long time. The Erdtree, I'm sayin'.
Small Talk in Leyndell
You 'eard of the Dung Eater? E's a madman, 'as it out for everyone. Curses 'em. Goes 'round in this rank armour, an' all. You see 'im though, stay well away. I was in the same gaol as him, once, so I know first 'and. E's a god-forsaken monster. Not just some petty thug like me.
(About the Dung Eater) E's a killer. Kills people and curses their souls... Does all sorts of **** to their corpses, to keep 'em cursed, forever. I ain't seen nothin' more disgustin' in all my years. I ain't never been more scared, neither. Rooted to the bloody spot... While 'e did all that, to my friend...
(About the Dung Eater, after releasing him) Never thought I would. What 'e does to those bodies. It was... It was 'im, no question. That monster. He's lurkin' round 'ere.
Heh... serves me right. Fitting bloody end, for a jumped up little **** with big ideas...
Help me out, would ya, mate... I don't wanna get cursed. Just let me die... I don't wanna live like this... not anymore... So, please...
(Warning) What's your blinkin' problem! You don't mess with Big Boggart, mate.
(Combat) That ***** put you up to this, eh. Damn it! I'll rip you to shreds!
(On player kill) You feel that, eh? That's the fists of Big Boggart.
(On death) Goddamn it. Why ain't it me, why ain't it ever...
(After buying prawns) Never met someone with a taste for prawns I couldn't trust. We'd make good mates, I reckon. I'll be seeing ya.
(After buying Rya's Necklace) Hmm... Alright. Take it. Thing's no damn use to anyone, anyway. Your bloody idea, mate. Don't come crying to me later.
Although he is primarily referred to as just 'Blackguard', he refers to his own name while in combat when saying, "You don't mess with Big Boggart, mate" .  Additionally, his mask states "Worn by the blackguard Big Boggart". His weapon is also described as "Big Boggart the blackguard's weapon of choice". In the credits, he is listed as 'Thug'.
After buying prawn from him, he gives the 'Spread Out' gesture .
During combat, he uses his Iron Ball fist weapons, the Braggart's Roar skill , and consumes Boiled Prawns.
His appearance and attire could be a reference to the 1998 film The Man in the Iron Mask.
Iron mask forced on convicted prisoners. Worn by the blackguard Big Boggart.
To Boggart, the mask made him all the more threatening, and helped him get what he wanted. But it was also a mirror of his emptiness.
Tattered clothing. Worn by a prisoner convicted of an appalling crime.
Never once washed, every fiber is filthy.
Iron manifer of spherical shape. Big Boggart the blackguard's weapon of choice.
Not a weapon to be taken lightly, as its weighty blows shatter bones with ease.
Boiled prawn meat. A prime specimen of plump and moist meat. True connoisseurs know how to keep from over-salting.
Boosts physical damage negation for a certain duration,
The meat actually looks to have come from a crayfish. Not that it matters, it's delicious all the same.
Boiled crab meat. A prime specimen of plump and moist meat. True connoisseurs know how to keep from over-salting.
Greatly boosts physical damage negation for a certain duration,
Unlike the "prawn" sold, this truly is crab. Not that it matters, it's delicious all the same.
Curse grown on a corpse killed and defiled by the Dung Eater. A tender pox afflicted with omen horns.
The Dung Eater cultivates the seedbed curse on corpses.
By doing so he prevents dead souls returning to the Erdtree, leaving them forever cursed. One of the most loathsome things found in the Lands Between.
Hello. It's rather chilly here, isn't it? My mistress sent me off on an errand... But I was accosted by a ruffian, and now I'm in a bind. Could I ask you to lend a hand, perhaps? That thug made off with a precious necklace. I need someone to retrieve it. Only... He, too, is Tarnished. If you've any qualms confronting your own, I shall find another...
Ohh, thank you dearly. What a blessing that we've met like this. The thug should be resting at an abandoned home down the way... Please, I must have the necklace back.
Never met someone with a taste for prawn I couldn't trust. We'd make good mates, I reckon.
- Blackguard Big Boggart
Blackguard Big Boggart is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
3 Character Information 3.1 Basic Info 3.2 Equipment 3.3 Quest Items
4 Questline Progression
Boggart is an ex-convict who was called to the Lands Between by the Guidance of Grace [ 1 ] . At some point in the past he was imprisoned in the same gaol as the Dung Eater [ 2 ] , and saw first hand the ways he defiles and kills people. [ 3 ]
The Tarnished first encounters him in Liurnia of the Lakes, where they confront him over the theft of a necklace belonging to Rya . Despite his foreboding first impression, Boggart gives the Tarnished the opportunity to buy back the necklace [ 4 ] , and offers to sell them some cooked crawfish.
Boggart then journeys to Altus Plateau , setting up camp beside a river outside the capital, where he catches and cooks crabs. Here, he warns the Tarnished about the Dung Eater. Should the Tarnished ignore his warnings and release the killer from his cell in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds , Boggart will become his latest victim.
WARNING: Entering Volcano Manor before speaking to Rya causes Boggart's quest and wares to become inaccessible.
Liurnia of the Lakes (Boilprawn Shack) Head north-west from the Site of Grace to find Rya the Scout inside a gazebo and talk to her. Move to north-west again from here to find Blackguard Big Boggart at the Boilprawn Shack and talk to him: select Give me the necklace and then Deal to be able to buy Rya's Necklace from him for 1000 Runes . After purchasing the item, he'll start selling an infinite supply of Boiled Prawns. Purchase at least one to progress his questline: you'll receive the "Spread Out" gesture and, in turn, Boggart's summon sign will appear at the Ruin-Strewn Precipice Overlook to aid you against Magma Wyrm Makar.
Head north-west from the Site of Grace to find Rya the Scout inside a gazebo and talk to her.
Move to north-west again from here to find Blackguard Big Boggart at the Boilprawn Shack and talk to him: select Give me the necklace and then Deal to be able to buy Rya's Necklace from him for 1000 Runes .
After purchasing the item, he'll start selling an infinite supply of Boiled Prawns. Purchase at least one to progress his questline: you'll receive the "Spread Out" gesture and, in turn, Boggart's summon sign will appear at the Ruin-Strewn Precipice Overlook to aid you against Magma Wyrm Makar.
Altus Plateau After resting at a Site of Grace in Altus Plateau, Boggart will move to the outer moat along the northern wall of Leyndell, Royal Capital in the Capital Outskirts (due west from the Capital Rampart Site of Grace). You may now purchase an infinite supply of Boiled Crabs. Exhaust Boggart's dialogue about Dung Eater. After freeing Dung Eater from his cell in the Subterranean Shunning Grounds, Boggart will have some additional dialogue.
After resting at a Site of Grace in Altus Plateau, Boggart will move to the outer moat along the northern wall of Leyndell, Royal Capital in the Capital Outskirts (due west from the Capital Rampart Site of Grace).
You may now purchase an infinite supply of Boiled Crabs.
Exhaust Boggart's dialogue about Dung Eater. After freeing Dung Eater from his cell in the Subterranean Shunning Grounds, Boggart will have some additional dialogue.
Altus Plateau After hearing Boggart's final piece of dialogue about Dung Eater, warning you that Dung Eater is lurking nearby, reload the area to find Boggart bound to a chair. Speak to him to trigger an invasion from Dung Eater. Defeat Dung Eater and return to Boggart, who is now dead. Loot his equipment, as well as the Seedbed Curse.
After hearing Boggart's final piece of dialogue about Dung Eater, warning you that Dung Eater is lurking nearby, reload the area to find Boggart bound to a chair. Speak to him to trigger an invasion from Dung Eater.
Defeat Dung Eater and return to Boggart, who is now dead. Loot his equipment, as well as the Seedbed Curse.
Blackguard, alt. Blaggard, is an old term for scoundrel.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Yura Hunter of Bloody Fingers
I am Yura, hunter of Bloody Fingers.
- Bloody Finger Hunter Yura
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura is an NPC in Elden Ring .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Yura is a warrior who dresses in the garb reminiscent of that worn in the Land of Reeds . [ 1 ] He is a self-proclaimed hunter of Bloody Fingers [ 2 ] and a prior associate of Eleonora, Violet Bloody Finger [ 3 ] , whom he likely had strong feelings for. [ 4 ]
While resting by Agheel Lake in Limgrave , Yura is met by a Tarnished . Yura warns them to stay away from the lake, where the mighty dragon Agheel roosts. [ 5 ] He will however offer his aid in hunting Agheel, and if the Tarnished slays the beast, will inform them of the Church of Dragon Communion [ 6 ] and warn them about the dangers of seeking the power of dragons. [ 7 ]
When the Tarnished is ambushed by Bloody Finger Nerijus , Yura intervenes and helps them kill him. [ 8 ] Yura then makes his way to the Academy of Raya Lucaria , where he is paid back for helping the Tarnished champion by receiving aid against a Ravenmount Assassin . [ 9 ] He warns the Tarnished to avoid Eleonora, describing her as the deadliest of all Bloody Fingers. [ 10 ]
Yura manages to track her down to the Second Church of Marika in the Altus Plateau , where he engages her in combat. Yura manages to slice off one of her fingers [ 11 ] , but receives a mortal wound. As the Tarnished champion who had aided him stumbles upon the scene, Yura begs Eleonora to no longer yield to the cessblood, before dying. [ 12 ]
After his death, his body is possessed by Shabriri , who claims that Yura gave him his body. [ 13 ]
(Optional) Limgrave The following two steps can be completed in either order. His dialogue will vary depending on where he is met first. Yura can be found under a ruin near the Seaside Ruins Site of Grace, south-west of Ahgeel Lake. Exhaust his dialogue and his summon sign will appear in Agheel Lake to assist against Flying Dragon Agheel. Speak to him again after defeating Agheel for further dialogue. Enter the ravine north of Agheel Lake and head towards Murkwater Cave . Bloody Finger Nerijus will invade you. After fighting Nerijus for a while, Yura will appear and assist you. After defeating Nerijus, continue along the ravine to find Yura under a bridge. Exhaust his dialogue.
The following two steps can be completed in either order. His dialogue will vary depending on where he is met first.
Yura can be found under a ruin near the Seaside Ruins Site of Grace, south-west of Ahgeel Lake. Exhaust his dialogue and his summon sign will appear in Agheel Lake to assist against Flying Dragon Agheel. Speak to him again after defeating Agheel for further dialogue.
Enter the ravine north of Agheel Lake and head towards Murkwater Cave . Bloody Finger Nerijus will invade you. After fighting Nerijus for a while, Yura will appear and assist you. After defeating Nerijus, continue along the ravine to find Yura under a bridge. Exhaust his dialogue.
Liurnia of the Lakes A red summon sign can be found north-east of the Raya Lucaria Main Gate. Interact with it to assist Yura in defeating Bloody Finger Ravenmount Assassin. After defeating the enemy, Yura can be found on the bridge near where the summon sign was. Speak to him to receive a Smithing Stone [5].
A red summon sign can be found north-east of the Raya Lucaria Main Gate. Interact with it to assist Yura in defeating Bloody Finger Ravenmount Assassin. After defeating the enemy, Yura can be found on the bridge near where the summon sign was. Speak to him to receive a Smithing Stone [5].
Altus Plateau Travel to the Second Church of Marika , north-west of the Altus Highway Junction Site of Grace. Yura will be lying on the ground. Speak to him, and then pick up the Nagakiba. Shortly after, Eleonora, Violet Bloody Finger will invade. Defeat her to receive Eleonora's Poleblade and the Purifying Crystal Tear .
Travel to the Second Church of Marika , north-west of the Altus Highway Junction Site of Grace. Yura will be lying on the ground. Speak to him, and then pick up the Nagakiba. Shortly after, Eleonora, Violet Bloody Finger will invade. Defeat her to receive Eleonora's Poleblade and the Purifying Crystal Tear .
Mountaintops of the Giants Once you travel to the Mountaintops of the Giants, Yura's quest will be locked regardless of which steps have been completed. Shabriri will be waiting near the Zamor Ruins Site of Grace, possessing Yura's body. The Nagakiba can be found on the ground in whichever location he would have been at depending on how far into his questline you have progressed.
Once you travel to the Mountaintops of the Giants, Yura's quest will be locked regardless of which steps have been completed. Shabriri will be waiting near the Zamor Ruins Site of Grace, possessing Yura's body. The Nagakiba can be found on the ground in whichever location he would have been at depending on how far into his questline you have progressed.
Curiously, even though his Nagakiba is the source of the Ash of War: Piercing Fang he himself doesn't use the associated skill, instead using the Skill: Impaling Thrust .

---

area: Altus Plateau
chapter: 13
name: Eleonora Violet Bloody Finger
Eleonora, Violet Bloody Finger is an NPC invader in Elden Ring .
4 Questline Progression
Hailing from the Land of Reeds [ 1 ] , Eleonora is the deadliest Bloody Finger [ 2 ] and a partaker of Dragon Communion [ 3 ] . She's a proud swordstress who felled many old hands [ 1 ] , but now her legacy has been tainted by corrupted blood [ 1 ] . Yura has been tracking Eleonora for a long time hoping of cleansing the knight of her cessblood. [ 2 ]
Altus Plateau (Altus Highway Junction)
Invades inside the Second Church of Marika , north-west of the Site of Grace .
Altus Plateau (Altus Highway Junction) After helping Yura defeat Bloody Finger Ravenmount Assassin at the Main Academy Gate of Raya Lucaria , you'll find him moribund inside the Second Church of Marika; exhausting his dialogues, he'll die leaving behind his Nagakiba (with the Ash of War: Piercing Fang ). Shortly after, Eleonora will invade you: defeating her will award you with her Poleblade and the Purifying Crystal Tear that counters Mohg, Lord of Blood 's phase transitioning curse-attack.
After helping Yura defeat Bloody Finger Ravenmount Assassin at the Main Academy Gate of Raya Lucaria , you'll find him moribund inside the Second Church of Marika; exhausting his dialogues, he'll die leaving behind his Nagakiba (with the Ash of War: Piercing Fang ). Shortly after, Eleonora will invade you: defeating her will award you with her Poleblade and the Purifying Crystal Tear that counters Mohg, Lord of Blood 's phase transitioning curse-attack.
If the player enters the church before Yura moves inside, instead of Eleonora, they'll find a Sanguine Noble .
Eleonora will invade regardless at her usual location if the Grand Lift of Rold is reached before Yura advances to the Second Church of Marika. Encountering Eleonora this way will end Yura's questline prematurely resulting in his death, which in turn allows Shabriri to appear by Zamor Ruins Site of Grace. The Black Blade Kindred guarding the Grand Lift of Rold does not need to be defeated for Eleonora to invade, getting to and beyond the Grand Lift of Rold suffices.
The Black Blade Kindred guarding the Grand Lift of Rold does not need to be defeated for Eleonora to invade, getting to and beyond the Grand Lift of Rold suffices.

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Mohg the Omen
Omen Illusion by Shoi Miyazawa
Mohg, Lord of Blood:
Mohg, Lord of Blood by Shoi Miyazawa
Welcome, honoured guest. To the birthplace of our dynasty!
- Mohg, Lord of Blood
Mohg, Lord of Blood and Mohg, the Omen is a boss in ELDEN RING (2022) . He is a Demigod and a Shardbearer who is encountered in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds and Mohgwyn Palace .
Mohg or Mohgwyn, also known as the Lord of Blood, was born of the Golden Lineage, the offspring of the first Elden Lord, Godfrey and Queen Marika , and was the twin brother of Morgott . [ 1 ] The twins were both born as accursed Omen , and as a result were confined and shackled to the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds below Leyndell . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Unlike his brother, Mohg would grow to embrace his Omen blood. Deep underground, Mohg made contact with an Outer God known as the Formless Mother . The Formless Mother ignited his accursed blood with fire, prompting him to develop powerful bloodflame magic. [ 4 ]
After Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring , Mohg escaped confinement and claimed one of the shards of the Elden Ring. During this period, he began establishing his domain from Mohgwyn Palace and recruiting followers, including his Sanguine Nobles [ 5 ] and a band of Tarnished known as the Bloody Fingers. Among these followers was Varré , a war surgeon who was able to successfully tame Mohg's accursed blood. [ 6 ]
The specific timing of Mohg assuming the title of Lord of Blood and the exact sequence of his activities relative to the Shattering are not well-documented, making the precise timeline of these events unclear.
Miquella the Unalloyed later embedded himself within his Haligtree in an attempt to shed his affliction. In this vulnerable and unguarded state, Mohg seized the opportunity to abduct him from the tree. [ 7 ] Miquella was an Empyrean , thus having the potential of ascending to godhood; Mohg intended to raise Miquella to full godhood so that he may rule at his side as consort and take the role of monarch. [ 8 ] At some point during or after the abduction, Mohg was unknowingly enchanted by Miquella. The circumstances and timeline of this enchantment remain unclear.
After abducting Miquella, Mohg hibernated with him within a cocoon and had his followers render offerings of blood, drenching its chamber in order to facilitate Miquella's awakening. [ 9 ] But no matter how much of Miquella's bloody bedchamber Mohg tried to share, he would receive no response from the young empyrean. [ 8 ]
During this time, Mohg largely escaped the notice of the Roundtable Hold , who were searching for clues as to his whereabouts. [ 10 ] Eventually, a Tarnished came to learn the location of Mohg's palace, where he had hidden alongside the stolen Miquella. When the Tarnished stumbles upon his chambers, Mohg emerges from a pool of blood, holds Miquella's hand and apologizes for leaving him, ready to confront their "guests". Despite unleashing the full power of his accursed blood, Mohg is unable to overcome the Tarnished, falling at their hands.
Following Mohg's death, his corpse was stolen and transported to the Land of Shadow where Miquella utilized it for an ancient ritual . At the Gate of Divinity , Miquella used Mohg's body as a vessel to revive the soul of Radahn , his promised consort, to honor their solemn vow.
Mohg, the Omen is encountered in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds, in a chapel beyond the Forsaken Depths Site of Grace. He must be defeated in order to access the Frenzied Flame Proscription.
Dung Eater is available as a summon for this fight, provided he has been released from his cell.
Mohg's trident attacks have long delays, and cover a wide range. He uses a number of bloodflame-based attacks, which deal blood loss as well as fire damage. Mohg's Shackle can be used to stun him for a few seconds, allowing for some additional hits.
Mohg, Lord of Blood is encountered at the end of Mohgwyn Palace. This fight plays much like the Mohg, the Omen fight, until the second phase when his moveset is expanded. He must be defeated to unlock the Shadow of the Erdtree expansion, and enter the Land of Shadow.
Phase 1 is largely the same as the fight against Mohg, the Omen. The key difference is the introduction of a countdown. When his health drops to certain levels, he will chrust his spear into the air and chant, causing a red ring to appear around the player. He will do this three times, and once his health reaches 50% he will perform Bloodboon Ritual, dealing huge amounts of damage for each ring and inflicting blood loss, while simultaneously recovering his own health. The Purifying Crystal Tear can be added to the Flask of Wondrous Physick to significantly decrease the amount of damage dealt by this move.
After performing Bloodboon Ritual and recovering much of his health, Mohg will sprout wings and his spear will be imbued with bloodflame. The majority of his attacks will spray bloodflame on the ground, leaving patches of fire that last for a long time. He also now has abilities that utilise his wings to get out of range or to cover distance easily.
Upon release, Mohg, Lord of Blood could easily be defeated by jumping into the arena from the side instead of entering through the fog wall. This would prevent his cutscene from playing, leaving him completely immobile and unable to attack. This was patched in version 1.03.3 .
Mohg carrying the slumbering Miquella

---

area: Mountaintops of the Giants
chapter: 21
name: Bloody Finger Okina
Bloody Finger Okina is an Invading NPC Phantom in Elden Ring . He wields the Rivers of Blood , a unique Katana , as well as the Wakizashi in his off hand. Okina can also be available as an NPC Summon against Starscourge Radahn . He will use different moves as a summon.
The more he sharpened his mind, the more the absurdities of the world came into stark relief. And so Okina renounced it all, and rose to a higher plane. There was only himself. His katana. And its mastery. Before long, Okina became a demon of a swordsman.
Where to find Bloody Finger Okina :
Bloody Finger Okina spawns near the Church of Repose at Mountaintops of the Giants . [ Elden Ring Map here ]
Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Wields the Rivers of Blood on his right hand, and the Wakizashi on his left. His armor is the White Reed Set with his signature Mask . His attacks apply Hemorrhage when struck.
He appears to unable to heal with a Crimson Flask, unlike most Invaders. (Needs further testing)
Bloody Finger Okina will use the Corpse Piler skill tied to the Rivers of Blood to slash at the player with huge slashes with additional range.
Prior to patch 1.04 this invader would not spawn if boss of the area, Fire Giant, has been killed. This issue can be fixed by updating to patch 1.04.
According to Bloody Finger Hunter Yura , Bloody Fingers are " Tarnished held in thrall by cessblood ", implying this character is a Tarnished.
He is the former master of the Inaba , who were warriors that wished for death in combat.
A wooden mask that depicts an old man baring his teeth. The source of the sobriquet of the great swordman of the Land of Reeds. Raises dexterity as it lowers focus.
The more he sharpened his mind, the more the absurdities of the world came into stark relief. And so Okina renounced it all, and rose to a higher plane. There was only himself. His katana. And its mastery.
Before long, Okina became a demon of a swordsman.
Weapon of Okina, swordsman from the Land of Reeds. A cursed weapon that has felled countless men.
When Mohg, the Lord of Blood, first felt Okina's sword, and madness, upon his flesh, he had a proposal, to offer Okina the life of a demon, whose thirst would never go unsated.
Short sword with a tempering pattern on the blade. A weapon unique to warriors of the Land of Reeds. Afflicts targets with blood loss.
These swords are considered auxiliary weapons. Yet, one man is known to wield this weapon in his left hand while using a full-sized katana in his right.
A demonic swordsman known only as Okina.
Armor of the White Reeds, fashioned from banded iron plates. Worn by the Inaba, head disciples of the great swordsman Okina.
The Inaba traveled in pursuit of not only the master who abandoned them, but also proper deaths, won honorably through hard-fought combat. To be a White Reed is to seek death; fitting for the Inaba, who desired nothing more than to die by the sword.
Helm made from strips of iron fastened together. Worn by warriors of the Land of Reeds.
The Land of Reeds has long been locked in a miserable civil war, during which time it has remained alienated from the cultures of its neighbors. Little wonder that the entire nation has succumbed to blood-soaked madness, or so it is said.
This Ash of War grants an armament the Blood and the following skill:
"Seppuku: A forbidden technique used by swordsmen from the Land of Reeds. Plunge the blade into your stomach to stain it with blood. Increases attack power and improves ability to inflict blood loss."
Usable on swords as well as polearms capable of thrusting (small and colossal weapons not included).
Bloody Finger Okina (血の指、翁) is an NPC cooperator and invader in Elden Ring .
3 Character Information
Okina (meaning "Old Man" in Japanese) is a great swordsman from the Land of Reeds whose nickname came from the wooden mask that depicts an old man baring his teeth. [ 1 ] He had several disciples in a group called the White Reeds, combatants who seek  proper deaths won honorably through hard-fought combat. The head disciples of Okina were called the Inaba (Japanese name for the leaves of the rice plant). [ 2 ]
As time passed, the more Okina sharpened his mind, the more the absurdities of the world came into stark relief. And so he renounced it all, and rose to a higher plane. There was only himself. His katana. And its mastery. [ 3 ] This eventually led him to Mohg, Lord of Blood , and, when Mohg first felt Okina's sword, and madness, upon his flesh, he had a proposal: to offer Okina the life of a demon, whose thirst would never go unsated. [ 4 ]
Before long, Okina became a demon of a swordsman, [ 5 ] known as the only to wield an auxiliary weapon in his left hand while using a full-sized cursed katana in his right. [ 6 ]
The Inaba traveled to the Lands Between in pursuit of the master who abandoned them and, desiring nothing more than to die by the sword, also sought proper deaths. [ 7 ] And so, all that was known of them was that their armor and spirit were left lingering in the Spiritcaller Cave .
Caelid (Chamber Outside the Plaza)
His summon sign is found within Starscourge Radahn 's arena.
Mountaintops of the Giants ( Church of Repose )
Invades at the entrance.
Okina spawning at the Church of Repose

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Latenna the Albinauric
Latenna the Albinauric is a Spirit and Summon in Elden Ring . Latenna the Albinauric is a ranged support unit that deals magic damage with a bow. She acts as a "turret" as she is not able to move from the location she is summoned, unless near an enemy Direwolf which she has the ability to use as a mount. She is able to cast Freezing Mist while mounted, similar to the Albinauric Wolfback Archer enemies encountered in the Consecrated Snowfield .
Latenna the Albinauric can also be found as an NPC in Elden Ring . For more information, see Latenna .
NOTE: Patch 1.13 Will no longer stagger as easily. Increased HP, physical attack power, and magic attack power.
Ashen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Latenna the Albinauric.
A rare case of one who chose to become a spirit voluntarily.
Latenna was renowned as a deft magic archer. But having lost her beloved wolf companion, Lobo, she cannot move from the place where she was summoned.
Where to Find Latenna the Albinauric
Liurnia of the Lakes, Slumbering Wolf's Shack , found at the end of Lakeside Crystal Cave upon defeating the boss.
In order for Latenna to be friendly and become a spirit, one has to have the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right) , given to the player by Albus at the Village of the Albinaurics . [ Map Link ]
Alternatively, Latenna may be found dead if one progressed too far and missed out her quest. For this instance, one can still obtain her spirit ashes at the same location by simply picking up the item, but her quest would no longer be doable.
Upgrades with Ghost Gloveworts .
Consumes Medium FP (74)
You must be near a rebirth monument to summon spirits from ashes.
When you are close to a rebirth monument and able to summon, a monument icon will appear on the left side of the screen.
When she finds a target, she shoots three magical arrows at a time, repeatedly and can shoot them very far away.
Ideally, you should find a sniping perch or vantage point to plop her down on and let her provide sniper fire as you clear the area.
Though mostly stationary, she does have a tiny amount of mobility. She can inch her way around in response to being attacked, though in rare circumstances she will decide to shuffle around on her own accord. This can make her fall off of a vantage point you've summoned her to.
Her ability to mount Direwolves is likely an oversight from sharing the same AI as the Albinauric Archers, as she tends to also shoot the wolf due to it still counting as a hostile enemy.
Because she stays in the same spot she was summoned and has one of the longest ranges in the game (probably second only to the archer golem ), she is very useful in boss fights where the arena is large enough. Latenna will constantly deal magic damage to the boss while you fight normally, as the boss's aggro cannot be changed to Latenna due to her low HP. Just make sure to summon her in a spot where she is not the boss's target, and you must constantly deal damage to the boss so that its aggro does not change to Latenna.
She is labeled situational, mostly good against dragons or in arenas that have elevation. Note: She is not tanky, therefore not good against hyper aggressive enemies.
Can be useful if one uses Shabriri's Woe in situations where elevation or an otherwise safe spot isn't present. Keep in mind that you will have to stay aggressive towards the boss in order to prevent her from drawing aggro, however.
I'm Latenna. An Albinauric, the same as Old Albus. My apologies for my coarse words earlier. I presumed the worst, seeing that you were another Tarnished, like that all-hearing brute.
Latenna the Albinauric is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Basic Info 2.2 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Latenna is an Albinauric woman and a deft archer. Latenna and her wolf companion Lobo began their journey in the lands of the Haligtree , a sanctuary for Albinaurics. [ 1 ] She journeyed to the far south, eventually coming to Liurnia of the Lakes .
Here, Latenna was accosted by the servants of Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing , [ 2 ] a Tarnished wishing to gain access to the hidden lands of the Haligtree. Believing Latenna had a secret medallion that opened the way to the Haligtree, [ 3 ] Ofnir's servants attacked her and killed her wolf, leaving her crippled, but Latenna still refused to divulge the location of the medallion, feigning ignorance.
After the Tarnished receives a half of the secret medallion from the elderly Albinauric Albus , Latenna tells them the location of the other half, [ 4 ] and asks them to bring her along to the lands of the Haligtree, where she might fulfill her duty. [ 5 ] The Tarnished agrees, and Latenna volontarily becomes Spirit Ash , [ 6 ] so they might carry her with them.
In the Mountaintops of the Giants , Latenna alerts the Tarnished that the medallion is near when they approach Castle Sol . [ 7 ] With the second half retrieved, the path to the Haligtree is opened. She urges them to bring her to the liturgical town of Ordina . [ 8 ] Here, a towering young Albinauric known as Phillia slumbers. [ 9 ] Latenna grants her the birthing droplet, allowing her to create new life for all the Albinaurics. [ 10 ] She thanks the Tarnished for their aid, promising to fight alongside them until the bitter end, requesting that they lay her to rest by Lobo once the fighting is done. [ 11 ]
Liurnia of the Lakes (Slumbering Wolf's Shack) Latenna can be found at the Slumbering Wolf's Shack, accessible by clearing the Lakeside Crystal Cave . If you have the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right), obtained from Old Albus in the Village of the Albinaurics , she will die and you will be able to pick up Latenna the Albinauric (Spirit Ashes). If you have already obtained Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) from Castle Sol, Latenna will already be dead, and you can pick up her Spirit Ashes.
Latenna can be found at the Slumbering Wolf's Shack, accessible by clearing the Lakeside Crystal Cave . If you have the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right), obtained from Old Albus in the Village of the Albinaurics , she will die and you will be able to pick up Latenna the Albinauric (Spirit Ashes).
If you have already obtained Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) from Castle Sol, Latenna will already be dead, and you can pick up her Spirit Ashes.
Mountaintops of the Giants (Castle Sol) After defeating Commander Niall , continue past his arena and pick up the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left).
After defeating Commander Niall , continue past his arena and pick up the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left).
Consecrated Snowfields ( Apostate Derelict ) Travel to the Apostate Derelict in the northernmost part of the Consecrated Snowfields and approach the giant Albinauric woman to summon Latenna. Exhaust Latenna's dialogue to obtain a Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone.
Travel to the Apostate Derelict in the northernmost part of the Consecrated Snowfields and approach the giant Albinauric woman to summon Latenna. Exhaust Latenna's dialogue to obtain a Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone.
Latenna next to Phillia, Towering Little Sister .

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Albus
Albus (aka Old Albus) is an NPC in Elden Ring . Albus is an Albinauric who is trying to hide from the calamity that befell Village of the Albinaurics in Liurnia of the Lakes. He has an important item that he will entrust to you.
Please, no. Dear me! I haven't a clue. No secrets lie with me, not a one.
Albus can be found disguised as a pot by following the path up from the Village of the Albinaurics site of grace in western Liurnia of the Lakes . You must hit the pot located past the Depraved Perfumer to get him to show up. Then talk to him twice. Map Link
This NPC does not move
This NPC can be fought
If defeated, drops: Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right)
This is an extremely important NPC for a few questlines and end game locations. After you reveal his true form, talk to him again to trigger a second dialogue and obtain the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right) . This item will create a pair with Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) found in Mountaintops of the Giants (see Castle Sol page) and give you access to an entire secret area in the northern lands. He will perish on his own after a few dialogue exchanges.
Please, no. Dear me!. I haven't a clue. No secrets lie with me, not a one. Oh please, leave me be.
Wait, then, you're not one of them? Well, what a relief... Oh, goodness me.
I am Albus. An Albinauric, as you can see. We are finished. The whole village is finished. The cursemongers have destroyed everything. Not one that remains has their wits about them
I beg you. Would you look after this medallion?
You must keep it out of the cursemonger's hands.
And if you should meet the young Albinauric Latenna, then please, give it to her.
A chosen land awaits us Albinaurics. The medallion is the key that leads to the city. It's only a quaint treasure, for we who cannot make the journey. But for dear Latenna, it is needed. To fulfill her purpose.
My legs will soon fade, and with them, my life. Alas, this is the immovable fate of all Albinaurics...
We are Albinaurics. We have caused you no harm!
(On player kill) I will never give this up. Not to your kind.
You merciless brutes. Let the curse take everything.
Required to complete the questline for Latenna .
Required to reach a few end-game locations after Mountaintops of the Giants .
I am Albus. An Albinauric, as you can see. We're finished. The whole village is finished.
Old Albus is an NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Questline Progression
3 Character Information 3.1 Quest Items
An elderly resident of the Village of the Albinaurics , Albus was one of the few survivors of the massacre of the village at the hands of Gideon's men, and the only one to retain his sanity. [ 1 ] He was in possession of the right half of a medallion , which would grant access to Miquella's Haligtree if united with the left half, and in order to protect it he disguised himself as a pot.
The Tarnished encounters him in the village, breaking the illusion to reveal his true Albinauric form. After ascertaining that the Tarnished was not among the cursemongers, Albus bestows his half of the medallion to them, beseeching them to give it to an Albinauric woman named Latenna [ 2 ] , claiming that she would need it to fulfil her purpose of seeking out the Albinaurics' chosen land. [ 3 ] With this done, he fades away, meeting the fate faced by all Albinaurics. [ 4 ]
Village of the Albinaurics Albus can be found, disguised as a pot, at the top of the slope past the Village of the Albinaurics Site of Grace, near the Depraved Perfumer . Roll or attack the pot to break the illusion and reveal Albus. Exhaust his dialogue to obtain the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right), which can be shown to Latenna the Albinauric at the Slumbering Wolf's Shack in order to progress her questline.
Albus can be found, disguised as a pot, at the top of the slope past the Village of the Albinaurics Site of Grace, near the Depraved Perfumer . Roll or attack the pot to break the illusion and reveal Albus. Exhaust his dialogue to obtain the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right), which can be shown to Latenna the Albinauric at the Slumbering Wolf's Shack in order to progress her questline.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Deathtouched Tarnished
Deathtouched Catacombs is a Location in Elden Ring . The Deathtouched Catacombs is found in Stormhill , Limgrave . It can be reached by heading west from Saintsbridge.
[ Elden Ring Map here ]
x5 Grave Glovewort (1)
Assassin's Crimson Dagger
Black Knife Assassin
At the entrance of the catacombs, you will find a tormented spirit. Open the wooden door, and enter. There is a Site of Grace immediately after. Head down and turn to the left, prepare to fight some Skeletons. Some are melee combatants, while others are ranged ones. Remember that skeletons need to be “killed again” once they are down to be put to rest, if not, they will keep returning to life. You will find 2 Grave Glovewort (1) in the first big room.
Keep moving further down, there are more skeletons in the next room. Beware of the Ranged ones that are on the platform as you turn around., get to safety quickly. There is a Grave Glovewort (1) to the right side of the room.
There is a body against a wall that contains Bloodrose in the next room. Also in that room, you will find a statue with a lever, activate it. Retrace your steps, and as you reach the stairs when you fought the first skeletons. Drop down and enter a narrow corridor, now open. More skeletons await, as well as Grave Violet and Grave Glovewort (1) . Kill them and take the left exit, you will reach the elevated platform from where the ranged skeletons were shooting you previously. Deal with them. At the end of the platform you will find another Grave Glovewort (1) and a Uchigatana on a hanging body.
Get back to the beginning of the Catacombs, to the room after the Site of Grace. You will notice that the big door is now open. Enter to fight the Black Knife Assassin . Once you have dealt with her, you will obtain an Assassin's Crimson Dagger and the dungeon will be completed. Before leaving, don't forget to loot the chest to obtain a Deathroot .
[other images go here]
Deathtouched Catacombs (死に触れた地下墓 ( Shi ni Fureta Chika Haka ) is a dungeon in ELDEN RING (2022) .
6 Crafting Materials
Deathtouched Catacombs is located to the west of Saintsbridge in the northern part of Stormhill . It is currently inhabited by skeletons, the remains of champions who currently live in death. A Black Knife Assassin hides within the farthest chamber of the catacombs, alongside a Deathroot.
Assassin's Crimson Dagger (obtained from Black Knife Assassin)

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Carian Royal Family
The Carian Royal Family is a powerful magic-based faction in Elden Ring . Founded by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon , the Carian Royals lead the Raya Lucaria Academy and their study of glintstone sorceries . Under their employ are select servants, soldiers, preceptors and a group of renowned knights. See Carian Sorceries for the related spell class.
The fate of the Carian royal family is guided by the stars. - War Counselor Iji
Queen Rennala was once an astrologer who studied the stars. She then came into contact with the full moon, and learned powerful magic that can absorb other spells, and this allowed her to eventually lead the Raya Lucaria Academy . She then founded the Carian royal house, with an order of sworn knights to protect it and servants such as preceptors to help guide it. Included in her ranks were trolls who wielded magic and were also treated as knights . At an indeterminate point, the First Liurnian War broke out between Raya Lucaria and the Golden Order of Leyndell, Royal Capital . As a Sword Monument reads, Radagon of the Golden Order took part in this conflict. After the Second Liurnian War, from which no clear victor arose, atonement mended the relationship between Rennala and Radagon and the two were wed at the Church of Vows , which brought an end to the conflict between Leyndell and Raya Lucaria. Rennala was not universally accepted at the academy, as many disliked seeing the moon as equal to the stars. According to the Lazuli Robe , those outside the Lazuli Conspectus saw this robe in the hue of the full moon as a signifier of their heresy. Though being responsible for forbidding the study of the Primeval Current , her use of the spell Comet Azur likely implies Rennala had some connection to it.
Lord Radagon was an enigmatic figure in the Lands Between. He despised his red locks for which he was known for, and which could have been a curse from the long since defeated Fire Giants . Radagon first gained recognition in the Liurnian Wars, and later used Celestial Dew to reconcile with the Carian Queen Rennala of the Full Moon. After their reconciliation, Radagon wed Rennala and received a greatsword as a gift from her. Together they had three demigod children, Rykard, Radahn, and Ranni. When Radagon married Rennala, he ordered the Carian preceptors to don the mask of confidence . To make it clear that all of their matters were to be kept strictly private. When Godfrey, First Elden Lord defeated his last worthy foe, he was divested of grace and banished from the land along with his tarnished army. Radagon then left Rennala to return to Leyndell and become the second Elden Lord with Queen Marika . Before departing he left Rennala with an amber egg and his loyal red wolf . His children with Rennala became demigod stepchildren, and he had the Twin Prodigies Miquella and Malenia with Queen Marika. As the husband of Rennala of Caria, the red-haired Radagon studied sorcery , and as the husband of Queen Marika, he studied incantations . Thus did the hero aspire to be complete. To symbolize the tenets of the Golden Order, Radagon reforged the greatsword given to him by Rennala into a greatsword of light modeled after the Elden Ring.
Rellana is the sister of Queen Rennala, and a Carian princess by birthright. They were close since childhood, and Rellana learned powerful sorcery from Count Ymir . She was also a formidable fighter who at one point used the Carian Thrusting Shield in ritual combat to show fidelity to the Erdtree. Those that followed Messmer's crusade against the Belurat Tower , even knights hailing from renowned families of the Erdtree's upper echelons, were shunned and chased from their homes after pledging allegiance to Messmer. Among those that chased after Messmer included Rellana, who disavowed her birthright and chose to stand at Messmer's side instead. After some time she became known as the Sword of Messmer and received a straight sword engraved with golden flame. Carian knights who served as direct retainers to Carian princesses such as Rellana received a Carian Filigreed Crest . Then there were those who left their homelands to serve Rellana, recounted by the Rellana's Cameo talisman; " By your leave, we will accompany you wherever your lunar vessel takes you ." Before Rellana departed, Rennala was said to have given her younger sister a gift of lustrous black hair.
Rykard is the son of Queen Rennala and Radagon, and was adept at sorceries just like his mother. After discovering the ancient hexes of Mt. Gelmir , Rykard brought them back into practical use as new forms of sorcery. At some point Rykard struck out on his own and raised his own banners, becoming the figurehead of the Volcano Manor . This could be because Caria is a matriarchy, and according to War Counselor Iji, Lady Ranni is the first heir in the Carian royal line. Rykard and his inquisitors committed numerous atrocities so that he could wage war with Leyndell. At some point he met Lady Tanith , a dancer from a foreign land, who became his consort at Volcano Manor. During the Shattering Rykard bore a Great Rune , but fed it and himself to an ancient serpent. After this, the birth of the man-serpents soon followed. Rykard was rewarded with a tool after the Night of the Black Knives, which would allow him to challenge Maliketh, the Black Blade . Rykard would gather champions to the Volcano Manor to become recusants and hunt down the tarnished and rebel against the forces of the Erdtree. According to the Taker's Cameo , when Rykard turned to heresy, taking by force became the rule. To him the gods themselves were no different, after all.
Radahn is the son of Queen Rennala and Radagon, and has flowing red hair just like his father. Radahn was fond of his heritage, letting his hair poke out behind his helmet and taking the Redmane moniker for himself. According to Radahn; " I was born a champion's cub. Now I am the Lord of the Battlefield's lion. " Inspired by heroes of the battlefield such as Godfrey, Serosh, and his father, he modeled his armor and likeness after them. At some point Radahn struck out on his own and raised his own banners, leading the Redmanes. This could be because Caria is a matriarchy, and according to War Counselor Iji, Lady Ranni is the first heir in the Carian royal line. Radahn learnt powerful gravity sorceries from an Alabaster Lord in Sellia, Town of Sorcery so that he could challenge the stars and continue to ride beloved but scrawny steed. After succeeding in locking the stars into place, he became known as the Starscourge. During the Shattering Radahn bore a Great Rune and took part in many conflicts, ultimately fighting against Malenia in one final confrontation in Caelid . Now mindless from scarlet rot, he still roams the battlefield.
Ranni is the self-described daughter of Queen Rennala and Radagon, and a princess of Caria. Ranni was an Empyrean chosen by the Two Fingers, and as such was a potential candidate to succeed Queen Marika and usher in a new age. Due to this she received Blaidd as a shadow-bound beast who would protect her, and along with Iji they have been together since childhood. Rennala imparted onto her powerful sorceries including her dark moon, which was veiled in occult mystery. Her true mentor though was a mysterious snow witch who taught her cold sorcery . Ranni came to despise her eventual fate of being controlled by the Two Fingers, and endeavored to free herself with the aid of her companions. She is the one predominately responsible for the Night of the Black Knives, stealing a fragment of the Rune of Death from Malekith and imbuing it onto a series of daggers , after which a group of assassins used them to kill Godwyn the Golden in spirit while Ranni herself discarded her flesh. According to the Cursemark of Death , two demigods perished at the same time, breaking the cursemark into two half-wheels. Ranni was the first of the demigods whose flesh perished, while the Prince of Death perished in soul alone. Ranni then possessed a doll modeled after her mentor and returned to the Carian Manor where she had grown up, and continues to work in secret.
The Carian Knights were a group of magic-wielding knights sworn to the Carian Royal Family. According to the Carian Knight's Sword , these knights' swords could serve as catalysts, letting them wield sorcerous battle skills. Despite numbering fewer than twenty, this power made them a match for even the champions of gold in battle. Called into service when the Queen invoked an oath they swore, even trolls were in the ranks of the knights of Caria, and fought arm in arm with their human comrades. The enchanted knights, anointed by the Lunar Queen, were heroes of the highest honors, but fell into disarray with the decline of the royal family. The Raya Lucaria Academy turned on the Carians with the aid of the Cuckoo Knights , and laid an unsuccessful siege on the Carian Manor. The Carians however knew of the academy's disloyalty, and developed the Carian Retaliation spell as a countermeasure. The moon and stars would one day go their separate ways. Notable members of the knights included Moongrum who guards Queen Rennala, Bols who was captured by the Cuckoos, Moonrithyll who was the Twin Moon Knight's chamberlain, and Royal Knight Loretta who was a former personal guard. Loretta left the Carian royals to seek out a place where the Albinaurics could live in peace, eventually finding the secretive Haligtree .
Jerren is an old knight who once preferred a nomadic existence, but after spending time as a guest of the Carian royals, he became a guest commander for General Radahn. And for the first time, the restless tumbleweed would be bound by an honorable oath. This oath would be one of honorable death between him and Radahn while Jerren was in his service. At the end of the Shattering, when Malenia and Radahn battled in Caelid leading to a Scarlet Aeonia that devastated the land, General Radahn who was known as the strongest of the demigods did not perish there on the battlefield. Instead he was infected by the scarlet rot , becoming more animalistic and as Jerren describes, his wits are long gone. Wishing to give his old friend a proper death, Jerren plans to host a grand festival at Castle Redmane , gathering all the champions from across the land for a chance to slay Radahn and lay claim to his Great Rune. At the castle scarlet rot is kept at bay with flame, and as such, Jerren's beloved sword featuring a flame-like undulation eventually became the symbol of the castle itself. Jerren is also known as the Witch-Hunter, and Iji recounts that he made an old promise to hunt down the one known as the Graven Witch , that they may finally be rid of a longstanding Carian weed.
Blaidd is the stepbrother and sworn protector of Ranni, and possesses a large wolf-like appearance. He was gifted to Ranni by the Two Fingers, and according to Iji earned the approval of Queen Rennala. According to the old legends, wolves are the shadows of Empyrean which could explain some of Blaidd's features. Once there was an assassin who assumed the guise of Ranni the Witch's loyal shadow using a black wolf mask . In defiance of the fate he was born to, Blaidd swore to serve no master but Ranni. As proof, the sword he received was imbued with a cold magic at the moment the oath was sworn. Bothered by the cold, Blaidd wears a pelt fashioned as a cape. Iji warns that if Lady Ranni as an Empyrean continues to resist being an instrument of the Two Fingers, her shadow Blaidd will go mad, transforming from a follower into a horrid curse. But such is his destiny, and Blaidd would defy destiny itself if it would have him turn upon his Lady. Iji, who had long served the Carian Royals as a blacksmith, became Ranni's war counselor when she decided to turn against the Two Fingers. He wears a mirrorhelm to protect against the Fingers' language of light as he is terribly frightened by his own treachery. It seems fear guides some of his actions, as he later imprisons Blaidd. He reflects on this mistake, hoping to meet Blaidd again and give him an apology.
Seluvis is a preceptor of the Carian Royals, similar to Preceptor Miriam in the Carian Study Hall . He is a teacher of the sorcerous arts and aids Ranni along with Blaidd and Iji, though Blaidd is not very fond of him. The movements of the stars are drawn inside the brim of his hat and on his gown, and he has a particular obsession with Starlight Shards . He can begrudgingly help find the pathway that leads to the Eternal City of Nokron through his connection to the Sorceress Sellen. Notably, one of his puppets Therolina also takes part in the festival at Castle Redmane to defeat General Radahn. Seluvis's secret lair can be discovered not far from Ranni's Rise , where he keeps a collection of puppets. By using a special potion Seluvis is able to fashion a puppet out of the person who drank the potion, which also leads to the death of said person. One of his victims includes Dolores the Sleeping Arrow , who once belonged to the Roundtable Hold , where she was both a critic and a friend of Gideon the All-Knowing . It was because of her that he and Seluvis went their separate ways. Gideon holds a deep distain for Seluvis, referring to him as a twisted dolly botherer. Whether by coincidence, Seluvis has also taken an interest in Nepheli Loux who also has a connection to Sir Gideon. Pidia is a servant of the Carian Royal Family and resides at the Carian Manor. He is a first-generation albinauric , and as such has gray skin and immobile legs. Albinaurics are lifeforms made by human hands. Thus, many believe them to live impure lives, untouched by the Erdtree's grace. He and Seluvis seem to work together since Pidia looks after some puppets and possesses a map that is part of Seluvis's plan. His plan involves betraying Princess Ranni, but Ranni may know this as she says " heed not their peculiarities; feel secure in gaining from them what advantage thou canst. I am sure the others will be doing just the same. " After retrieving the Fingerslayer Blade for Ranni, Seluvis is found dead and Pidia is attacked by his own puppets. It could be inferred that Pidia puppeteered Seluvis from the start, and after their usefulness came to an end Ranni had them both killed.
A talisman engraved with the legend of a queen. Raises intelligence.
The young astrologer gazed at the night sky as she walked. She had always chased the stars every step of her journey. Then she met the full moon — and, in time, the astrologer became a queen .
Astrology tool used by members of the Carian royal family. A stolen part of a larger instrument.
Allows the viewer to better see faraway things.
During the age of the Erdtree, Carian astrology withered on the vine. The fate once writ in the night skies had been fettered by the Golden Order.
A tall crown depicting the moon. Worn by Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon. Increases intelligence.
When Rennala, head of both the Academy of Raya Lucaria and the Carian royal family, lost her husband Radagon, her heart went along with him.
And then, those at the academy realized. That Rennala was no champion, after all.
Greatsword made of light, modeled after the Elden Ring itself. Forged by King Consort Radagon to proudly symbolize the tenets of the Golden Order. One of the legendary armaments.
Telltale signs betray that this was once the greatsword bequeathed to him by his first wife, Rennala.
Ornate helm of Rellana, the Twin Moon Knight, fashioned from silver steel. Rennala, head of the royal family of Caria, was said to have given her younger sister, who renounced her lineage to chase after Messmer, a gift of lustrous black hair.
A Great Rune of the shardbearer Rykard. Its blessing restores HP on attacking enemies.
Rykard was amongst the children of Rennala and Radagon, who became demigod stepchildren after Radagon's union with Queen Marika.
But Rykard fed himself to the blasphemous serpent, Great Rune and all.
Helm of the golden lion, with flowing red hair. Worn by General Radahn.
Radahn inherited the furious, flaming red hair of his father Radagon, and is fond of its heroic implications.
"I was born a champion's cub. Now I am the Lord of the Battlefield's lion."
Legendary sorcery associated with the Carian queen.
Uses the caster as a vessel to incarnate a cold, dark moon, then sends it floating toward foes. The dark moon dispels all sorcery that touches it, and temporarily reduces magic damage negation for those it strikes.
This moon was encountered by a young Ranni, led by the hand of her mother, Rennala. What she beheld was cold, dark and veiled in occult mystery.
A Moon Greatsword, bestowed by a Carian queen upon her spouse to honor long-standing tradition. One of the legendary armaments.
Ranni's sigil is a full moon, cold and leaden, and this sword is but a beam of its light.
Intricately crafted silver war sickle wielded by Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree.
Originally given for service as a personal guard to Carian royalty, the weapon's blue glintstone has been replaced with unalloyed gold.
Helm of the enchanted knights that once served the Carian royal family.
The enchanted knights, anointed by the Lunar Queen, were heroes of the highest honors, but fell into disarray with the decline of the royal family.
Unusually colorful armor. Worn by the knight Jerren.
Jerren preferred a nomadic existence, but after spending time as a guest of the Carian royals, he became a guest commander for General Radahn. And for the first time, the restless tumbleweed would be bound by honorable oath.
Greatsword decorated in royal Carian Style. Favored weapon of Blaidd the Half-Wolf.
In defiance of the fate he was born to, Blaidd swore to serve no master but Ranni. As proof the sword was imbued with a cold magic at the moment oath was sworn.
Helm fashioned from a crystal looking-glass, said to have never left War Counselor Iji's head. Easily broken and weak against striking attacks.
Worn by those committed to high treason, it wards off the intervention of the Greater Will and its vassal Fingers.
Iji was afraid. Terrified of his own treachery.
Large hat with the movements of the stars drawn on the inside of the brim. Worn by the magic preceptors who served the Carian royals.
Increases mind to the detriment of stamina.
Glintstone sorcerers are the descendants of astrologers, a fact that the Carians remain of aware of. Even if their fate has been long severed from the stars.
You wish to know more of Lady Rennala? She is Queen, head of the Carian royal family, and governor of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. The great and beautiful Full Moon Witch. Sadly, her heart was broken when Lord Radagon left her. And then, when the academy rebelled against the royals, she was locked away in the grand library.
In the end, Lady Rennala was left alone, cradling the amber egg Lord Radagon bequeathed her. Now she devotes herself to it through forbidden rite; the grim art of reincarnation. You would do well to remember... Severing a vow, strongest of bonds, has consequences ever more dire.
You wish to know more of Lord Radagon? Lord Radagon was a great champion, possessed of flowing red locks. He came to these lands at the head of a great golden host, when he met Lady Rennala in battle. He soon repented his territorial aggressions though, and became husband to the Carian Queen.
However, when Godfrey, first Elden Lord, was hounded from the Lands Between, Radagon left Rennala to return to the Erdtree Capital, becoming Queen Marika's second husband and King Consort, taking the title... of second Elden Lord. The mystery endures, to this day... As to why Lord Radagon would cast Lady Rennala aside... and moreover...why a mere champion would be chosen for the seat of Elden Lord.
Rennala is the queen of the Carian royals, who govern the academy. But Rennala herself is no demigod. Her beloved, Radagon, left her to become Queen Marika's second husband, taking the title of King Consort. The Great Rune dwells within the amber egg that was Radagon's gift to her.
General Radahn, the famed Red Lion and scourge of the stars, is a ferocious warrior. He fought Malenia and her rot to a standstill in the Caelid Wilds to Limgrave's east. And now Caelid has been engulfed by the scarlet rot, even approaching the region is no mean feat. I've heard survivors of Radahn's army are still in the wilds, staving off the rot with fire. And if it's true, I suspect Radahn is still there as well, in Caelid. Though I doubt he much resembles his former self anymore...
Praetor Rykard is the Lord of the Volcano Manor on Mt. Gelmir. He is a ruthless justiciar who commands a company of inquisitors, reviled for his serpentine demeanour. The volcano, Mt. Gelmir, lies in the west of the Altus Plateau; the realm of the Erdtree. It was the stage of the most appalling battle in the entirety of the Shattering. Rykard has commited the grave sin of blasphemy. Marking himself as an enemy, never to be forgiven.
Lunar Princess Ranni, daughter to Rennala. Ranni is said to have cast aside her Great Rune, so here at the Hold, we seek the whereabouts of the remaining three shardbearers.
This territory once belonged to the Carian royal family. Their manor lies not far beyond this point. When the Raya Lucaria Academy turned on the Carians, the Knights of the Cuckoo descended on this tract. After leveling it, they carried on to the manor. The Carians were taken off guard, but their strength had not waned, and they repelled the knights' onslaught...By conjuring an enchanted snare that remains potent to this day.
Lady Ranni has explained everything. Again, I am Iji. The Carian royal family's dedicated blacksmith, and Lady Ranni's war counsellor.
Blaidd is Lady Ranni's stepbrother. Ranni's mother, Queen Rennala, approved of him, and they played like siblings from childhood. They were always happy to have me tag along, as well. When Lady Ranni renounced her flesh, and chose the dark path of the Empyrean, Blaidd and I swore allegiance as vassals, but none of us will ever forget our earliest days together.
Jerren. Now, that's a name I haven't heard for a while. Before taking up the banner of General Radahn, he was a guest of the Carian royal family. An expert swordsman, to be sure, but ever the eccentric.
The fate of the Carian royal family is guided by the stars. As is the fate of Lady Ranni, first heir in the Carian royal line.
The Carian Royal Family was a faction in ELDEN RING (2022) .
Members of the Carian Royal Family were prolific magic users and erstwhile heads of the Academy of Raya Lucaria , who were famous for developing their own glintstone sorceries. [ 1 ] They originated from the mist-laden region in the west of the Lands Between , known as Liurnia of the Lakes .
The Carian Royal Family would reach its peak under Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon . In her youth, she was a prominent champion who would go on to charm the academy with her lunar magic, becoming its master. She also led the Glintstone Knights and established the house of Caria as royalty. [ 2 ]
The Carian Royals have always been closely associated with the western coast of Liurnia, [ 3 ] which is the location of their estate, the Caria Manor , as well as the Three Sisters region immediately behind it. Another location of importance was the Carian Study Hall , a large library in eastern Liurnia that connects to the region's Divine Tower . [ 4 ]
The Carian royals were served by magic preceptors notable for large hats with the movements of the stars drawn on the inside of the brim, [ 5 ] as well as on their bright blue gowns. [ 6 ] All glintstone sorcerers are the descendants of astrologers , a fact that the Carians remained aware of. [ 5 ] The astrologers preceded the sorcerers and had established themselves in mountaintops that nearly touched the sky, and considered the Fire Giants their neighbors. [ 7 ] They would read fate in the stars, but alas, the night sky no longer cradles fate. [ 8 ]
However, the Carian royal family were mostly known for the famous enchanted knights that served them. These enchanted knights, anointed by the Lunar Queen, were heroes of the highest honors, [ 9 ] and served as direct retainers to the kingdom's princesses. [ 10 ] Their swords were embedded with blue glintstone, and could serve as catalysts, letting them wield sorcerous battle skills. Despite numbering fewer than twenty, this power made them a match for even the champions of gold in battle. [ 11 ] They combined this art with their swordsmanship to maintain pressure upon their foes, striking in waves of steel and sorcery. [ 12 ] The Carian knights never wavered, and even had sorceries that could alleviate the buildup of sleep or madness. [ 13 ] There were also enchanted troll knights among their number, comrades of young Rennala, bound by oath. [ 14 ] They were called into service when the Queen invoked an oath they swore. These trolls were treated as true knights of Caria, and would fight arm in arm with their human comrades. [ 15 ]
The famous Loretta was once a royal Carian knight, [ 16 ] and served as a personal guard to Carian royalty. [ 17 ] Despite fighting mounted and using a war sickle , her favored weapon was said to be the bow, and she developed sorceries imitating the power of a greatbow. [ 18 ] She would leave her service in search of a haven for Albinaurics , [ 19 ] but an apparition of her remains to defend Caria Manor to this day. Several Albinauric mages, such as Pidia , remained as servants to the Carian Royal family, [ 20 ] seemingly facing less persecution there then in other parts of the Lands Between.
The oldest sorcery devised by the Carians would conjure an enemy-seeking glintblade , and it would serve as a prototype for more enhanced sword-phalanx sorceries wielded by royal enchanted knights. [ 21 ] They also created sorceries that would conjure magic swords that could sweep , slice and pierce their enemies. Some sorceries were said to have been taught to them by the enigmatic Crystalians , to mark the swearing of an old concord . [ 22 ]
Due to the influence of the Carians, [ 23 ] the Lazuli Conspectus would eventually developed in the Academy. The scholars of this conspectus sought to master Carian sorcery, and viewed the moon as equal to the stars. [ 24 ] This would be seen as a heterodox pursuit, or even outright heresy, [ 25 ] by their colleagues at the academy.
When Queen Marika the Eternal established her new Age of the Erdtree , she dispatched a champion known as Radagon to lead her armies against the lands of Liurnia. Not much was known about Radagon before he joined the ranks in the Liurnian Wars, [ 26 ] but he was seen as a great champion with flowing red locks, and he would lead a great golden host to Liurnia, where he would meet Rennala in battle. [ 27 ]
Radagon would fight two wars against Rennala and the Academy, [ 28 ] both of which saw no clear victor. [ 29 ] Instead, Radagon eventually repented his territorial aggressions by cleansing himself with Celestial Dew , [ 30 ] swore his love to Rennala and became the husband of the Carian Queen. [ 31 ]
He married her at the Church of Vows , [ 32 ] and it would be this matrimonial union, and reconciliation between the houses of the Erdtree and the Full Moon [ 33 ] that would eventually have grave consequences for the Carians, as it was during the age of the Erdtree, that Carian astrology withered on the vine, as the fate once writ in the night skies had been fettered by the Golden Order . [ 34 ]
Rennala would bequeath Radagon with a greatsword , [ 35 ] to honor a long standing tradition in which a Moon Greatsword is bestowed by a Carian queen upon her spouse. [ 36 ] Upon entering into marriage with Rennala and joining the Carian line, [ 37 ] Radagon would order Carian magic preceptors to don masks of confidence, to make it clear that all of their matters were to be kept strictly private. [ 38 ] While husband to Rennala, he studied glintstone sorcery taught at the Academy. [ 39 ] Together, Radagon and Rennala would go on to have three children: Radahn , Rykard , and Ranni .
After Godfrey , the first Elden Lord , was hounded from the Lands Between , Radagon left Rennala to become the second husband and King Consort of Queen Marika, and would receive the title of second Elden Lord. [ 40 ] Queen Marika made Radagon's and Rennala's children her demigod stepchildren. [ 41 ] When

---

area: Mountaintops of the Giants
chapter: 21
name: Fire Monks
Mt. Gelmir Mountaintops of the Giants Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave
Mountaintops of the Giants:
Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave:
Monk's Flameblade Fire Monk Hood Fire Monk Armor Fire Monk Gauntlets Fire Monk Greaves Smoldering Butterfly Fire Blossom
Fire Monk is an enemy in ELDEN RING (2022) .
Warrior-monks who reside in the Mountaintops of the Giants . During the War Against the Giants , the Fire Monks fought on behalf of the Erdtree . They devised " Flame, Protect Me ", an incantation which shielded the champions of the Erdtree from the Giants' Flame . [ 1 ] After the war had concluded, the flame of ruin was sealed away, and the Fire Monks were appointed to watch over it. [ 2 ] [ 3 ] They were led in this ordeal by the Fire Prelates [ 4 ] , and in turn led the Guilty ; exiled criminals who wielded thorn sorceries .
After many years, the Fire Monks succumbed to the allure of the flame of ruin [ 5 ] , beguiled by it. [ 6 ] Wielding fire -based incantations , the Fire Monks continued to keep watch over the flame, bearing the likeness of the fell god upon their chestplates . [ 7 ]
At some point, the incantation " Flame of the Fell God ", which had been kept secret by Chief Guardian Arghanthy , was stolen by a thief named Adan . [ 8 ] Several Fire Monks travelled to Liurnia of the Lakes to seek him out [ 9 ] , erecting camps in the lands on either side of the lake while they searched.
A Flame Monk named Amon fled his duty to watch over the Giants' Flame out of cowardice, instead swearing fealty to the god-slaying black flame . [ 10 ] He was followed by others, enthralled by the black flame [ 11 ] , who became known as Blackflame Monks .
A Fire Monk camp in Liurnia of the Lakes.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Rune Bears
Runebear is a Field Boss in Elden Ring . It's a massive beast with a runic pattern on its chest found deep in the Earthbore Cave . This is an optional boss, as players don't need to defeat it in order to advance.
Ralva the Great Red Bear and Rugalea the Great Red Bear are other variants of this boss. Lesser Runebear is the normal enemy form.
Found in Earthbore Cave [ Map Link ]
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Earthbore Cave
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken
Damage: Standard , Slash
Unaffected by Beast-Repellent Torch
The first time you fight this boss, it will be asleep until you attack it. After that, it will begin each fight awake and aggressive.
Drops 2,600, Spelldrake Talisman
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
Poison : 313 / 411 / 701 / 1158
Scarlet Rot : 313 / 411 / 701 / 1158
Hemorrhage : 512 / 802 / 1259
Frostbite : 512 / 802 / 1259
Sleep : 170 / 198 / 240 / 338
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
The Best Tips for Runebear:
Use the Lone Wolf Ashes
If you see the Runebear winding up for his grab, hug his left leg and roll with it.
Stay close to the Runebear and roll into its attacks
Keep to the Belly: Try to stay underneath the Runebear. Dodge through its attacks and attack back as hard as you can, dodging forward whenever it swings or rises on its hind legs. Most of its attacks will pass over you, giving you plenty of time to deal damage. Blocking is risky since its attacks do massive Stamina damage.
Break its Stance: Although the Runebear has relatively high Stance , once it breaks it'll be knocked out for long enough to get in a few attacks and a critical hit . This may make it worthwhile to use charged heavy attacks, jump attacks, or other means of dealing lots of stance damage.
Since the Runebear is safest up close, your best bet as a spellcaster is to use short-range spells and follow the same strategy as melee players. Bow users who are unwilling to switch to melee will have quite a challenge. Use a Shortbow for its attack speed and fire arrows at point-blank range.
A bug may occur when the Runebear grabs the player. If they manage to escape by mashing, the boss may fall through the floor and instantly die.
Runebears are enemies and an optional boss in ELDEN RING (2022) .
Giant bears found throughout the Lands Between . They are far larger than other Bears , and display strange markings on their chests.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Walking Mausoleums
Wandering Mausoleums are special Locations in Elden Ring . Mausoleums appear as walking buildings with four legs and are found throughout the Lands Between, often with their signature bells attached. Players must attack the skull-like deposits on the structure while avoiding damage to get the mausoleum to become accessible. These can appear on either the legs or along the base of the building, the latter of which necessitates jumping on top of it.
Hit the skull-like deposits to make the mausoleum collapse. These skulls can be either on its feet, or around the mausoleum on top.
Around Mausoleums are spectral knights roaming the arena. After bringing it down, they disappear.
Mausoleum can attack by either stomping or performing a slam attack (Non-Bell variant). Their stomp is a near guaranteed death, for invaders/enemies included. The Snowfield Mausoleum fires exploding magic projectiles in an arc around it, dealing heavy Magic damage. It's recommended to hit the Grace at the Apostate Derelict to respawn in case of death.
Place your Boss Remembrance at the altar to Duplicate it. (Note: You do not have to have the Remembrance with you when you do this. If you previously acquired and used it, you can still receive a duplicate at a later time in your playthrough). Only one use per Mausoleum. Pick wisely!
It should be noted that you cannot regain a Remembrance Weapon that you have already obtained (in the same playthrough at least).
Mausoleums without a bell seem to only be able to duplicate Remembrances of bosses that aren't children of Radagon and/or Marika. ( via community testing: Regal Ancestor Spirit , Astel Naturalborn of the Void , Lichdragon Fortissax , Fire Giant , Maliketh, the Black Blade , Dragonlord Placidusax , Hoarah Loux, Warrior and Elden Beast are the only bosses with Remembrances that can be duplicated anywhere . Demigods' Remembrances, like Morgott 's and Malenia 's, will work with bell variant Mausoleums only .)
The Castle Sol and Consecrated Snowfield Mausoleums appear to be bugged for some people where using one of them renders the other unusable but this seems to not apply to everyone.
Players will hear mausoleums as they emit a distinctly loud bell sound as they walk about. They usually have a small roaming area, so they are easy to find. When you first want to access a wandering mausoleum, you must either attack the deposits on its feet or use the environment to climb up, jump onto the wandering mausoleum and destroy the deposits around the structure itself.  This can take considerable time depending on the location.
Once the mausoleum is static, you can enter it at any time to perform a Remembrance Duplication : This is only available once per mausoleum, so pick wisely! Performing this rite will enable you to obtain the multiple Remembrance Weapons (Boss Weapons) and magic that they grant. Boss Armor is not gated behind their remembrances, but you must have defeated them to purchase from Enia at the Roundtable Hold .
There are a total of 7 Wandering Mausoleums in Elden Ring. Monuments with bells will duplicate any boss remembrance. Monuments without bells will only duplicate the remembrance of a non-shard bearer boss. Each reward can only be received once per playthrough.
Weeping Peninsula, Bell : In the western area, east of Isolated Merchant's Shack . [ Map Link ] During the "late night" period of the day/night cycle, the Mausoleum stops moving for approximately seven minutes of real time. It will stop wandering wherever it is when this time is reached, but quitting out and reloading will leave it standing still at its spawn position, closest to the Isolated Merchant's Shack.
Liurnia of the Lakes, Bell : northeast of Raya Lucaria Academy , in the waters in front of Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel Grace [ Map Link ]. To access this Wandering Mausoleum you must travel west of the tunnel entrance. Then you need to use the spirit spring to jump onto the Mausoleum when it walks close enough to the cliff wall. You can experiment with the spirit spring jump and also double jump with Torrent after using the spring and take no fall damage. You can also jump from the tombstones on the northern cliff, but you risk dying if you miss. Once on top of the Mausoleum, knock off enough skull piles to subdue it. Like the Weeping Peninsula Mausoleum, it stops wandering during "late night" for seven to eight minutes. Alternatively, hitting the legs will stop the mausoleum from moving, then you can snipe enough skulls to get it to kneel using a bow. The various rocks in the area can be used to get the right angle, the skulls are all on and around the grassy area level.
Liurnia of the Lakes, No Bell: North of the Ruined Labyrinth Grace or, due south of the Mausoleum Compound Grace in Eastern Liurnia, north of the Church of Vows. It stops wandering for about seven minutes during "late night".
Liurnia of the Lakes, No Bell : due north of the Mausoleum Compound Grace near Uld Palace Ruins, north of the Church of Vows [ Map Link ]. It stops wandering at night, in sync with #3.
Mountaintops of the Giants, Bell : Just outside Castle Sol in the northern area. It stops wandering during "late night" for seven to eight minutes. [ Map Link ]
Consecrated Snowfield, Bell : northwest of Ordina , next to the Apostate Derelict Grace. Warning: This one fires magical artillery into the air, bombarding the surroundings until it is subdued. It does not stop moving at night, but it will stop attacking when you're within the walls of the Apostate Derelict church, and won't start again immediately when you step outside. [ Map Link ]
Deeproot Depths, Bell : North of the The Nameless Eternal City Grace. Can be jumped upon by climbing on the roots in the area (be careful of the many Basilisks ), then you must destroy skulls on the top of the Mausoleum instead of the feet. It will stop wandering for exactly seven minutes during the "late night" period of the day/night cycle. [ Map Link ]
Additionally, three Remembrance Duplication Coffins were added in the Shadow of the Erdtree expansion which serve the same purpose.
Remembrance of the Grafted
Remembrance of the Full Moon Queen
Remembrance of the Starscourge
Remembrance of the Regal Ancestor *
Remembrance of the Omen King
Remembrance of the Blasphemous
Remembrance of the Black Blade *
Remembrance of the Naturalborn *
Remembrance of the Fire Giant *
Remembrance of the Rot Goddess
Remembrance of the Blood Lord
Remembrance of the Lichdragon *
Remembrance of the Dragonlord *
Remembrance of Hoarah Loux *
Remembrance of the Wild Boar Rider *
Remembrance of the Impaler
Remembrance of the Shadow Sunflower *
Remembrance of the Twin Moon Knight *
Remembrance of the Saint of The Bud *
Remembrance of the Dancing Lion *
Remembrance of a God and a Lord
Remembrance of the Lord of Frenzied Flame *
Remembrance of the Mother of Fingers *
Remembrance of Putrescence *
*The two mausoleums without bells at the Mausoleum Compound site of grace can only duplicate the starred (*) entries. Every other mausoleum can duplicate all remembrances.
Note that if you don't find the white skulls on its feet, you will need to find a way to get to the top level of the structure. There should be elements in the environment around the area that can help you. Areas like cliffs or Spiritsprings nearby can assist with climbing the structure. After reaching the top, the skulls should appear much like those found its feet in other mausoleums. Clear them the same way to be able to enter and use the Wandering Mausoleum.
Wandering mausoleums can be put to sleep by passing time until the morning at a site of grace, which will help to deal with them more easily. They will sleep around 2 minutes and 15 seconds.
An assassin's dagger, misshapen and stained in crimson. Critical hits restore HP.
This charm is modelled after the darkly gleaming blades used in the Night of Black Knives. Those which gave the demigods their first taste of death.
Scale armor used by the Black Knife Assassins, forged to make no sound.
Traces of power yet remain in its concealing veil, which muffles the sound of footsteps.
The assassins that carried out the deeds of the Night of the Black Knives were all women, and rumored to be Numen who had close ties with Marika herself.
Metal greatshield painted with a sun in eclipse. Carried by the headless mausoleum knights.
The eclipsed sun, drained of color, is the protective star of soulless demigods. It aids the mausoleum knights by keeping Destined Death at bay.
Armor worn by headless soldiers who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum.
The surcoat depicts the mausoleum bell, which rings in constant mourning for the soulless demigods.
Armor worn by headless knights who endlessly guard the Wandering Mausoleum.
The wing-shaped ornaments on its back evoke the Deathbird. A self-inflicted curse that ties the spirits of these loyal knights to the land, having willingly beheaded themselves so that they may serve their masters in death.
Legendary ashen remains. Use to summon the spirit of Lhutel the Headless.
Spirit of a headless knight who leads the mausoleum soldiers. Wields a lance enrobed in Death and hurls spectral lances at foes.
Lhutel sacrificed her life so that in Death she could continue to protect a soulless demigod until their revival, earning her the hero's honor of Erdtree Burial.
Wandering Mausoleums are large, mobile structures in ELDEN RING (2022) which serve as means to duplicate Remembrances .
The Wandering Mausoleums are the resting places of soulless demigods who are Marika's unwanted children. [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] They take the form of large buildings mounted atop four legs, which wander around set areas throughout the Lands Between . Some Mausoleums have massive bells hanging from the undersides of their structures which can be heard from afar, ringing to constantly mourn its soulless demigods. [ 4 ] Most have skull-like formations in their feet which disappear and release a small amount of ghostflame when hit.
They are often guarded by Mausoleum Knights and Mausoleum Soldiers , who beheaded themselves in order to follow their masters into death, [ 5 ] a self-inflicted curse that ties their spirits to the land. [ 6 ] Their armor depicts the mausoleum bell, [ 7 ] and the knights don wing-shaped ornamentations that evoke the Deathbirds . [ 8 ]
The shields of the Mausoleum Knights is emblazoned with the eclipsed sun, which is a symbol of the Mausoleums. [ 9 ] The eclipse is the protective star of the soulless demigods and aids the Mausoleum Knights in keeping Destined Death at bay. [ 10 ]
To use mausoleums and do the process of Remembrance duplication, the player needs to enter a Wandering Mausoleum and interact with the headless corpse on the altar inside. Duplication can only be performed once per mausoleum. Remembrances belonging to Shardbearers may only be duplicated at Wandering Mausoleums with bells, while all other Remembrances can be duplicated at any Wandering Mausoleum (as shown on the table below). Remembrances can be duplicated even after they have already been used.
Typically, access to Wandering Mausoleums is granted by hitting the white skull-shaped forms found on the structure's feet, causing the Mausoleum to lower itself to a height where the player can climb onto them. In most cases, Mausoleum Knights , Mausoleum Soldiers , and Mausoleum Footsoldiers will spawn near the Wandering Mausoleums, serving as an additional obstacle to the player's access to the structures.
Mausoleum at Castle Sol
Loading Screen with the Mausoleum in the Weeping Peninsula.
Mausoleum Knights patrolling
The architecture of the mausoleums is strikingly similar to the architecture used by the Eternal Cities. The furniture inside the mausoleums is also seen in the Eternal Cities.
The furniture inside the mausoleums is also seen in the Eternal Cities.
Localisation Notes: Rather than "unwanted child", the soulless demigod(s) of the mausoleum is referred to as Queen Marika's "ugly bastard" or "ugly spawn." (醜い落とし子, Minikui Otoshigo.)
Rather than "unwanted child", the soulless demigod(s) of the mausoleum is referred to as Queen Marika's "ugly bastard" or "ugly spawn." (醜い落とし子, Minikui Otoshigo.)
Mausoleum Foot Soldier
Mausoleum Soldier Ashes

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Finger Maidens
Have you heard of the finger maidens? They serve the Two Fingers, offering guidance, and aid, to the Tarnished.
The Finger Maidens are a faction in ELDEN RING (2022) .
3 List of Finger Maidens
The finger maidens are said to serve the Two Fingers , offering guidance and aid to the Tarnished .
The maidens live to serve a chosen Tarnished, sharing their guidance and the wisdom of the Two Fingers.
Long ago, it was promised that the guidance of grace would ensure that the pair be brought together. [ 1 ] Nonetheless, some never saw such guidance. [ 2 ]
They can turn rune fragments into strength. [ 3 ] However, not much else is known about them.
Hyetta seeks to become a Finger Maiden, but unknowingly follows Three Fingers instead.
Irina is never identified as a Finger Maiden, but can be killed in order to advance White-Faced Varré 's quest line.
Melina is not technically a Finger Maiden, but will act as such for the Tarnished to aid them on their journey.
Therolina never met her Tarnished to guide, and was at some point captured by Seluvis and added to the collection of puppets in his secret chambers. Her puppeted form is present for the Radahn Festival at Redmane Castle and can be summoned to assist in fighting General Radahn .
An unnamed Finger Maiden is found dead in the Chapel of Anticipation , holding the Tarnish ed's Wizened Finger . Her blood can be used to soak Lord of Blood's Favor for Varré.
Another unnamed Finger Maiden (who may have guided Roundtable Knight Vyke before he turned coat) is found dead in the Church of Inhibition , holding the Finger Maiden Fillet , Robe , and Shoes . Her blood can be used to soak Lord of Blood's Favor.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Melina
Melina is an NPC in Elden Ring who acts as a guide to the player throughout the game's narrative. She is a mysterious young lady seen in an opening cutscene with Torrent, the Spectral Steed , and first met at the beginning of the Tarnished's journey . Melina wears a black robe and approaches players while they are resting at different Sites of Grace . She offers guidance throughout the game, granting the ability to turn runes to strength, and teleporting you to certain key areas. She also later becomes available as an NPC Summon . Furthermore, the Shadow of the Erdtree (SOTE) expansion strongly implies that she is the younger sister of Messmer the Impaler, revealing that much like Messmer, she too bore a vision of fire and shares a deep, inherent connection to Queen Marika.
See Melina's Dialogue
See Echoes of Queen Marika
I can play the role of maiden. Turning runes into strength. To aid you in your search for the Elden Ring. You need only take me with you. To the foot of the Erdtree.
Melina will reveal herself at different Sites of Grace along the game's storyline. The player is also able to converse with her via a "Talk to Melina" option when sitting at other Sites of Grace even when she does not automatically appear.
Melina is first met after resting at Gatefront Site of Grace, by Gatefront Ruins or another overland Limgrave Site of Grace, after activating a certain number of them. Other potential Sites of Grace: Church of Elleh , Seaside Ruins , and Agheel Lake South .
When activating a Site of Grace on the overland that is located outside of Limgrave and Weeping Peninsula , resting upon one will trigger dialogue after which Melina will transport the player to the Roundtable Hold . The common Sites of Grace that trigger this are the Lake-Facing Cliffs in Liurnia of the Lakes , and Sellia Under-Stair or Smoldering Church in Caelid . These locations can be accessed relatively early if the player knows how to reach them. ( Sellia Under-Stair can be reached the earliest, through a transporter trap chest in a basement cellar in Dragon-Burnt Ruins that brings the player to Sellia Crystal Tunnel , from which they can exit to find the Sellia Under-Stair Site of Grace).
NPC Summon : Morgott, the Omen King . Progress in the Melina questline until she leaves. Her summon sign is at the top of the stairs on the right, in front of the fog gate. She wields the Blade of Calling and uses Erdtree/healing incantations .
(Melina does not have a traditional completable " NPC Quest ", since she's so strongly tied with the "Main Quest" of the game, but the following lists the opportunities for interaction)
After resting at a Site of Grace (outside of the Church of Elleh ) on the overland, Melina will manifest herself and reflect on the absence of a guidance during your journey so far, appearing out of the air with a blueish aura around her. Melina proposes an accord: to act as your "maiden", that is, as a guide throughout your journey, for you are "maidenless". In exchange, she requests you take her with you to the Erdtree. She volunteers to "turn your Runes into strength", enabling you to level up your character. She will also bequeath a ring, the Spectral Steed Whistle , allowing you to summon the spectral steed Torrent who has "chosen you".
At the next Site of Grace you rest at before entering Stormveil Castle , selecting the "Talk to Melina" option will trigger a conversation about the Sites of Grace. During this, Melina conveys the golden auras at the different Sites of Grace are in fact the grace of the Erdtree, and by following them, the grace will guide you through your burden. She informs you that a Shardbearer resides in Stormveil Castle, and that if the rays signal the castle, the Elden Ring is beckoning you.
At the next Site of Grace you rest at before entering Stormveil Castle , selecting the "Talk to Melina" option will trigger a conversation with Melina about her purpose, where she describes her search for her purpose and also apologizes for acting as a Finger Maiden while being unable to offer guidance, as she is "no maiden" and without purpose.
At the Third Church of Marika , when resting at the grace and selecting the "Talk to Melina" option, Melina will appear and declare that spoken echoes of Queen Marika the Eternal are present, and if you wish she will convey them to you. Select the "I'm interested" dialogue option and she will continue to describe the echoes.
At the Church of Pilgrimage , in the north of the Weeping Peninsula , when resting at the grace and selecting the "Talk to Melina" option, Melina will again appear and give the option to elucidate on the echoes.
Upon reaching the East Capital Rampart Site of Grace (or any grace in Leyndell), Melina will appear and say that she will be leaving, but that she will let you keep Torrent and the ability to turn runes into power. She reasserts her confidence that you will become the Elden Lord.
Melina may be summoned for the fight against Morgott, the Omen King via a sign directly outside the boss arena.
After defeating Morgott , trying and failing to enter the Erdtree and resting at the Elden Throne Site of Grace, Melina appears. She offers a new accord: to bring her "to the flame of ruin , far above the clouds, upon snowy mountaintops of the giants", so she can set the Erdtree aflame, and help you become Elden Lord.
Melina will then have additional dialogue when resting at certain Sites of Grace, the Godrick the Grafted Site of Grace for example. She will remind the player of the new goal in the land of the giants. She can then be spoken to a second time, and she will say that although her purpose was giving to her by her mother, she is now acting on her own volition and has "set [her] heart upon the world that [she] would have. Regardless of [her] mother's designs."
Melina must be talked to in the Forge of the Giants Grace, and her quest will be fulfilled. If the player has inherited the Frenzied Flame despite Melina pleading them not to do it, Melina will not appear in this grace. Instead, she will appear after the ending of the game if the player continues with the Frenzied Flame path, and will threaten the Lord of Frenzied Flame with Destined Death.
If the player has inherited the Frenzied Flame despite Melina pleading them not to do it, Melina will not appear in this grace. Instead, she will appear after the ending of the game if the player continues with the Frenzied Flame path, and will threaten the Lord of Frenzied Flame with Destined Death.
Don't worry Torrent, fortune is on his / her side. We found him / her here, after all. One of his / her kind is sure to seek the Elden Ring. ...Even if it does violate the Golden Order...
Greetings. Traveller from beyond the fog. I Am Melina. I offer you an accord.
Have you heard of the Finger Maidens? They serve the Two Fingers, offering guidance, and aid, to the Tarnished. But you, I am afraid, are maidenless.
Then it's settled. Summon me by grace to turn runes into strength.
Ahh, another matter. I bequeath to you this ring. Spectral Steed Whistle
Use it to traverse great distances. It will summon a spectral steed named Torrent. Torrent has chosen you. Treat him with respect.
I understand. I'm asking you to put faith in but a stranger. Yet I'm certain that we can reach an understanding. Summon me by grace if you should reconsider.
( If spoken to at a Site of Grace after your refusal ) Have you reconsidered my offer?
This tiny golden aura is the grace of the Erdtree. This light once shone in the eyes of your Tarnished brethren. But now it is all that guides you. Or so I hear. You can see them, can't you? The rays of grace, that guide you through your burden.
Upon the cliff, in Castle Stormveil, is a shardbearer. A demigod who inherited a fragment of the shattered Elden Ring. If the rays of grace signal the castle, then the Elden Ring beckons you. As an ally by pact,...I pray that you are fit... To face the challenge presented by the Ring.
Me? I'm searching. For my purpose, given to me by my mother inside the Erdtree, long ago. For the reason that I yet live, burned and bodiless.
There is something for which I must apologise. I've acted the Finger Maiden, yet can offer no guidance. I am no maiden. My purpose...was long ago lost
Shall I turn your runes to strength? Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment. Share them with me, your thoughts, your ambitions, the principles you would follow.
Upon encountering Margit, The Fell Omen , or when first resting at a non-dungeon Site of Grace outside of Limgrave (most likely trigger would be Caelid 's Sellia Under-Stair, ...found outside of Sellia Crystal Tunnel , which is reachable through being ensnared by Dragon-Burnt Ruins ' ...transporter trap chest)
Forgive me. I've been...testing you. To see whether or not grace truly does guide you. And...whether you are fit to face the challenge that entails. It seems my worries were unfounded. Torrent had your measure from the very start. Whereas I merely pretended.
There is but one other thing I can do to offer you guidance. I can take you to the Roundtable Hold... Gathering place of Tarnished champions, guided by Grace... [I'll go, too] Very well. Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment.
Your seamster, Boc... He is always eager to see your return. Please, will you talk to him, when you can? I'm sure he would be much contented.
When resting at any Site of Grace , on the Altus Plateau ... for the first time... and not within Leyndell, Royal Capital 。
The Erdtree...is close. Only a little further till the foot of the Erdtree, and the accord is fulfilled.
It takes me back. I was born at the foot of the Erdtree. Where mother gave me my purpose.
I...have to ascertain for myself. The reason for which I live, burned and bodiless.
Altus Highway Junction
Your seamster, Boc... I see him crying, from time to time. I think he misses his mother. He wants someone to tell him he's beautiful.
Does being born of a mother... Mean one behaves in such a manner?
It is possible for her to appear once you reach the Capital Rampart site of grace .
My utmost thanks. For bringing me to the base of the Erdtree. Here, I can govern my own movement. And thus, the accord is fulfilled. I shall depart to ascertain the purpose I was given. Farewell.
I shall leave Torrent, and the power to turn runes into strength, here with you. I wish you luck, in realising your ambition. You have fought long and hard. I have no doubt you will become Elden Lord. May you take the throne.
After discovering the Impenetrable Thorns of the Erdtree, she appears when resting at the first site of grace afterward; typically the " Elden Throne " site of grace 。
Hello again, old friend. Allow me a moment to converse with you.
You were unable to enter the Erdtree, no? Prevented by the mantle of barbs. The thorns are impenetrable. A husk of the Erdtree's being; that spurns all that exists without. The only way to stand before the Elden Ring... and become the Elden Lord... is to pass the thorns.
My purpose serves to aid in that very act. So I'd like you to undertake a new journey, with me. To the flame of ruin, far above the clouds, upon the snowy mountaintops of the giants. Then I can set the Erdtree aflame. And guide you. Down the path to becoming Elden Lord. [ Rold Medallion ]
Upon resting at the Cathedral of Forsaken , site of grace , ...in Subterranean Shunning-Grounds
If you intend to claim the Frenzied Flame, I ask that you cease. It is not to be meddled with. It is chaos, devouring life and thought unending.
However ruined this world has become, however mired in torment and despair, life endures. Births continue. There is beauty in that, is there not?
If you would become Lord, do not deny this notion. Please, leave the Frenzied Flame alone.
[If Shabriri has been spoken to...at the Zamor Ruins , site of grace ,]
Melina will mention this :
I shall see to the kindling. It is a purpose which I choose to fulfill. So, please... Leave the frenzied flame alone.
Going deeper past Sealed Nomad Merchant Clan... to the Frenzied Flame Proscription
I ask you, one more time. Please, seek not the Frenzied Flame.
As one who strives to become a Lord, deny not the lives, the new births of this world. Those who would are not fit to be called Lord. When the land they preside over is lifeless.
After speaking with Shabriri , and resting at any site of grace , besides...
...the Cathedral of Forsaken , ...or Frenzied Flame Proscription
There is something I'd like to say. My purpose was given to me by my mother. But now, I act of my own volition. I have set my heart upon the world that I would have. Regardless of my mother's designs.
I won't allow anyone to speak ill of that. Not even you.
After speaking to Enia, Finger Reader...about burning the "repelling" thorns
Think not, of the kindling. I shall see to that. All I ask of you is to make the journey. To the snowy mountaintops of the giants, far above the clouds.
I know... I'm asking you to commit a cardinal sin. But it must be done to reach the path beyond. And that is the path I wish to travel. What is your mind?
Resting at "White Ridge Road," site of Grace; or any further up the mountain。
We're almost there. The flame of ruin lies just ahead. I'm glad it was you I travelled with. I must tender my thanks to Torrent, too. Thank you, Torrent. Please continue to lend your aid. Till the end.
Upon resting at the Forge of the Giants , Site of Grace ;
I have long observed the Lands Between. This world is in dire need of repair... and Death...indiscriminate... Are you prepared... To commit a cardinal sin?
[I'd like you to wait]
Very well. Tell me, when you are fully prepared.
Very well. Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment. O Erdtree, you shall burn. Burn, for the sake of the new Lord. Thank you. For guiding me here. The one who walks alongside flame, Shall one day meet the road of Destined Death. Good-bye.
Upon resting at any Site of Grace after having inherited the Frenzied Flame
You... have inherited the Frenzied Flame. A pity. You are no longer fit. Our journey together ends here.
And remember... Should you rise as the Lord of Chaos, I will kill you, as sure as night follows day. Such is my duty, for allowing you the strength of runes.
Goodbye, my companion. Goodbye, Torrent...
" Lord of Frenzied Flame " ending cutscene
Lord of Frenzied Flame... I will seek you, as far as you may travel... To deliver you what is yours. Destined Death.
First time encountering an Echo :
Spoken echoes linger here. Words of Queen Marika, who vanished long ago.
If you wish, I will share them with you.
Very well. In Marika's own words. ... Well? Perhaps that might serve you in lieu of a maiden's guidance.
All subsequent encounters with Echoes :
Spoken echoes of Queen Marika linger here, as well.
Shall I share them with you?
In Marika's own words.
First Church of Marika
Hark, brave warriors. Hark, my lord Godfrey. We commend your deeds. Guidance has delivered ye through ordeal to the place ye stand.
Put the giants to the sword and confine the flame atop the mount. Let a new epoch begin. An epoch glistening with life.
Brandish the Elden Ring, for the Age of the Erdtree
Grand Lift of Dectus
The Erdtree governs all. The choice is thine.
Become one with the Order. Or divest thyself of it. To wallow at the fringes; a powerless upstart.
Minor Erdtree Church
I declare mine intent, to search the depths of the Golden Order. Through understanding of the proper way, our faith, our grace, is increased. Those blissful early days of blind belief are long past. My comrades; why must ye falter?
Third Church of Marika
My Lord, and thy warriors. I divest each of thee of thy grace.
With thine eyes dimmed, ye will be driven from the Lands Between. Ye will wage war in a land afar, where ye will live, and die.
Outer Wall Battleground, Site of Grace
Hear me, Demigods. My children beloved. Make of thyselves that which ye desire. Be it a Lord. Be it a God.
But should ye fail to become aught at all, ye will be forsaken. Amounting only to sacrifices...
Church of the Pilgrimage
Then, after thy death, I will give back what I once claimed. Return to the Lands Between, wage war, and brandish the Elden Ring. Grow strong in the face of death. Warriors of my lord. Lord Godfrey.
Queen's Bedchamber Site of Grace
After defeating Morgott, the Grace Given
O Radagon, leal hound of the Golden Order. Thou'rt yet to become me. Thou'rt yet to become a god. Let us be shattered, both. Mine other self.
Melina's internal name in the game files is "Marica Of Daughter". Her dialogue in the base game heavily hints at Queen Marika being her mother. This is confirmed in the item description for Messmer's Kindling in the Shadow of the Erdtree DLC, which also reveals that Melina is the younger sister of Messmer. Finger Reader Enia also mentions that "for the flame to burn the Erdtree, a sacrifice is needed. Of one who envisions the flame" . This would make Melina either a demigod, or otherwise an Empyrean if she was born from the union of Radagon and Marika.
Messmer's Kindling cannot be used in place of her as kindling at the Forge of the Giants.
A delicate goldwork ring. Can be used as a finger whistle.
Sound the whistle to summon and ride Torrent, the spectral steed. (Dismounts steed when used while on horseback.)
Upon his death, the spectral steed can be summoned again, but doing so drains the Flask of Crimson Tears.
Conjoined split medallion depicting the Flame Peak.
Brandishing the medallion activates the Grand Lift of Rold, connecting Leyndell to the Mountaintops of the Giants.
The forge of the flame of ruin is said to be found upon their peaks, and it is here Melina wishes to travel in resuming your journey together.
Dagger given to one who set out on a journey to fulfill her duty long ago. The power of its former owner, the kindling maiden, is still apparent.
The one who walks alongside flame, shall one day meet the road of Destined Death.
Melina is a mysterious, spectral girl who is the deuteragonist of ELDEN RING (2022) . She offers an alliance with the Tarnished to help them on their journey.
1 Overview 1.1 Background 1.2 Game Events
2 Character Information 2.1 Summon sign 2.2 Equipment 2.3 Quest items
3 Questline Progression
Melina was born at the foot of the Erdtree [ 1 ] and describes her mother as within the Erdtree. [ 2 ] Although it is never stated, it can be inferred that her mother is Queen Marika the Eternal . During Boc's questline she asks if "being born of a mother" means acting in certain ways, [ 3 ] which makes the specifics of her origins unclear.
At some point, Melina's body was burned, which left her bodiless and as a roaming spirit [ 4 ] with no memory of her purpose given to her by her mother. [ 5 ] And so, she looked for a way to go to the foot of the Erdtree to ascertain her given purpose, and to be able to govern her movement, seemingly lost as a spirit, [ 6 ] meeting and travelling with Torrent at some time.
Melina is accompanied by the spectral steed Torrent when they both spot an adrift Tarnished whom she believes is fortunate. [ 7 ] Some time later, she decides to approach and offer an accord to the maidenless Tarnished: she could play the role of the missing Finger Maiden in return for a ride to the foot of the Erdtree. [ 8 ] The Tarnished is forced to accept if they desire the strength of runes, and, if they accept the accord, Melina entrusts them with the Spectral Steed Whistle and, therefore, Torrent.
When Melina starts travelling with the Tarnished, she advises to follow the guidance of grace and seek the demigod residing within Stormveil Castle . [ 9 ] Once the Tarnished has felled the demigod, Melina confesses that she was testing the Tarnished to see if they truly possessed the guidance of grace and if they were fit for the challenges to come. Satisfied with her new companion, Melina offers to take them to Roundtable Hold , a gathering place for Tarnished champions. [ 10 ] Throughout their journey, Melina also provides specks of guidance at certain sites of grace and, at churches dedicated to Queen Marika , she offers to reveal words spoken by Marika herself in the distant past. [ 11 ]
Upon arriving at their destination, the Royal Capital at the foot of the Erdtree , Melina thanks the Tarnished for escorting her and leaves to ascertain her purpose, claiming that she can govern her movement more freely there. She entrusts the power of runes and Torrent to the Tarnished. [ 12 ] She will also offer her aid should the Tarnished challenge Morgott, the Omen King , ruler of Leyndell and guardian of the Erdtree.
After defeating Morgott, the Tarnished finds the path into the Erdtree barred by thorns refusing entrance to all. Melina, having ascertained her purpose and seeing the Tarnished stuck, rejoins the Tarnished to say that she can burn the Erdtree to gain entrance inside, provided that she can get ahold of the Flame of Ruin. And hence, she asks to go on a new journey, this time to the flame of ruin, far above the clouds, upon the snowy Mountaintops of the Giants . [ 13 ] and tells them she will take care of the "kindling" required to set the tree alight. [ 14 ]
Defeating Morgott also opens up the path to the Three Fingers . If the Tarnished rests at the nearest grace from their entombment, Melina will warn against meeting them and insist against inheriting the Frenzied Flame, for it would end all lives and births, which she cherishes. [ 15 ] If the player ignores her warnings, or just inherits the Frenzied Flame without speaking with her, she will say that The Tarnished is no longer fit, ending her accord, and forever leaving their side but threatening to kill them should they become Lord of Chaos . [ 16 ] If the Tarnished instead heeds her warnings, Melina and the protagonist will continue their Journey for the Flame of Ruin.
When making their way to the Forge of the Giants, Melina clarifies that she is now acting of her own volition, regardless of the purpose that her mother gave her. [ 17 ] After defeating the guardian of the flame , Melina puts her plan into action. She takes the Tarnished's hand, narcotizing them by doing so, and proceeds to sacrifice herself to channel the flame of ruin, setting the Erdtree aflame. [ 18 ] The Tarnished, maidenless once more, wakes up at Crumbling Farum Azula , fulfilling the saying of the Blade of Calling : The one who walks alongside flame, Shall one day meet the road of Destined Death .
Melina may only be encountered when resting at Sites of Grace .
Melina's questline runs parallel to the main storyline and thus must be completed to finish the game.
Limgrave Activate two different Sites of Grace in the open world and then sit at one of the following Graces: Agheel Lake North , Agheel Lake South , Bridge of Sacrifice , Church of Elleh , Gatefront Ruins , Seaside Ruins , Stormhill Shack , or Third Church of Marika . You will trigger the first interaction with Melina. She will offer you an accord, allowing you to continue her quest. Agheel Lake North and Gatefront Ruins will always summon Melina, even if two other Sites of Grace haven't been activated. If you refuse her accord, you cannot enter Leyndell, Royal Capital, even with two Great Runes. If you refuse, you may always change your mind by selecting "Talk to Melina" at any Site of Grace. If you accept, you will obtain the Spectral Seed Whistle, allowing you to summon Torrent. (Optional) After accepting her accord, Melina may appear when you rest at Sites of Grace to offer the dialogue options "The Rays of Grace" and "Melina's Goal". These options will no longer be available once you progress to the next step.
Activate two different Sites of Grace in the open world and then sit at one of the following Graces: Agheel Lake North , Agheel

---

area: Mountaintops of the Giants
chapter: 21
name: Hoslow Family
Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood is a Humanoid Enemy in Elden Ring . Juno Hoslow is a Hostile NPC that you can invade as part of the final contract of the Volcano Manor questline. A Tarnished knight equipped with the signature whips and silver armor of his house, he is also the older brother of Diallos . Other Invadable NPCs can be found here .
See Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood Lore
Juno Hoslow had a younger brother who was all talk and no trousers. His inability to commit to action was such that Juno inherited the Hoslow legacy without resistance, granting him the freedom to shower his little brother with adoration.
Where to Find Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood :
Mountaintops of the Giants : East of Shack of the Lofty . Touch the red Summon Sign on the ground to invade his world. Only available after progressing the Volcano Manor questline. [ Elden Ring Map here ]
Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Always performs the Hoslow's Oath gesture, giving it to the player once completed.
Dual wields Hoslow's Petal Whips, dealing high Strike Damage and inflicting Blood Loss build-up. He also uses Bloodhound's Step to weave in and out of attacks.
Assuming correct timing, all of Juno's right hand whip attacks - including his double whip attack - can be dodged by rolling towards him. Ensure the Tarnished remains just about striking distance away from Juno to bait out an attack.
If rolling towards Juno and immediately attacking, he will either take the hit or use Bloodhound's Step to dodge away. It is best to simply commit to one attack lest he immediately counters with a whip attack of his own.
If Juno uses Bloodhound's Step to dodge away from the follow up attack, he himself will either follow up with another attack or do nothing. However, Juno's idle is often short enough for him to use another attack. Thus, it is simply best to bait out another attack while he is idle.
While it is possible to dodge Juno's left hand whip attack, this is almost impossible as the whip hitbox is confusingly large. It is simply best to back away from Juno if he uses his left hand whip attacks.
Like any human encounter, status effects are very effective.
It is possible to use Inescapable Frenzy to grab him while is busy performing his gesture. (confirmed as of February 3, 2024)
Replica of a twin-tailed silver helm with flowery adornments. Only, without the twin tails.
Diallos Hoslow had an older brother who was a stern, self-possessed man of a few words. His achievements made him seem out of reach.
And so the younger aspired to be like the older. Yearning for the day that he would tell the tale of House Hoslow, in blood. Knowing full well that it would break his brother's heart .
Garish silver armor decorated with red embellishments. Passed down through the Hoslow family. When Juno Hoslow received an invitation to the Volcano Manor, he discreetly refused. "I have already walked many a road drenched in blood, yet never would I consider myself a champion."
A twin-tailed silver helm decorated with flowery adornments. Symbol of the head of the revered House of Hoslow.
Juno Hoslow had a younger brother who was all talk and no trousers.
His inability to commit to action was such that Juno inherited the Hoslow legacy without resistance, granting him the freedom to shower his little brother with adoration .
Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood is a hostile NPC in ELDEN RING (2022) .
2 Character Information 2.1 Equipment 2.2 Quest Items
3 Questline Progression
Juno Hoslow is Diallos ' older brother [ 1 ] and the head of their illustrious house . [ 2 ]
A successful, stern and self-possessed man of a few words [ 1 ] , Juno inherited the legacy of the Hoslow family to protect his inept brother, whom he loved dearly. [ 2 ]
Despite dreching himself in blood time and time again, he refused the invitation to the Volcano Manor. [ 3 ] Later, he became their target.
His sign can be found in the Mountaintops of the Giants , outside the Shack of the Lofty .
Mt. Gelmir ( Volcano Manor ) After joining the Volcano Manor and eliminating Old Knight Istvan and Rileigh the Idle under Tanith 's request, retrieve the Red Letter to unlock Juno Hoslow's invasion sign in the Mountaintops of the Giants. With Rileigh dead, you can also talk to Recusant Bernahl to receive the Letter to Bernahl , offering you to join him in his hunt against Vargram the Raging Wolf and Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm in Leyndell, Royal Capital .
After joining the Volcano Manor and eliminating Old Knight Istvan and Rileigh the Idle under Tanith 's request, retrieve the Red Letter to unlock Juno Hoslow's invasion sign in the Mountaintops of the Giants.
With Rileigh dead, you can also talk to Recusant Bernahl to receive the Letter to Bernahl , offering you to join him in his hunt against Vargram the Raging Wolf and Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm in Leyndell, Royal Capital .
Mt. Gelmir (Volcano Manor) Once Juno is disposed of, return to Tanith to receive the Taker's Cameo : she'll now offer to transport you to the Audience Pathway Site of Grace by selecting See the Lord .
Once Juno is disposed of, return to Tanith to receive the Taker's Cameo : she'll now offer to transport you to the Audience Pathway Site of Grace by selecting See the Lord .
With the Red Letter in inventory, even If Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy is defeated prior to the invasion, abruptly concluding Tanith's questline, not only the invasion sign will still be available, but the reward will be relocated in the spot where the Red Letter was retrieved.

---

area: Mt. Gelmir
chapter: 14
name: Volcano Manor Questline
Volcano Manor is a legacy dungeon located on Mt. Gelmir .
The Volcano Manor is home to the recusants of Praetor Rykard , fierce warriors who wage war against the Erdtree and the Roundtable . The recusants are led by Rykard's consort, Lady Tanith . Powerful Tarnished are extended invitations to join the Volcano Manor and are given contracts to hunt other Tarnished in service of the Roundtable. Tarnished who prove themselves are offered an audience with Praetor Rykard himself, which will inevitably end with the serpentine demigod devouring them, making them forever a part of his "family".
The Volcano Manor is besieged by the forces of the Royal Capital .
The Volcano Manor is one of the game's most complex locations. It can be reached in multiple ways and you can progress through from different directions.
The fastest, but most gimmicky way to reach it is by letting the Abductor Virgin at the bottom of the Raya Lucaria Academy grapple you to death. You will still drop your runes, but be respawned right within the Volcano Manor area. From here there are two paths that are each a point of no return. One leading to the rest of the manor, the other brings you to the Abductor Virgin duo bossfight and back to the Altus Plateau . For the Abductor Virgin boss, search for the cave with multiple drop-down platforms. To progress deeper into the manor, jump down the lava waterfall. If you die here before reaching a grace, you will be respawned where the Abductor Virgin dropped you within Volcano Manor. From here you can explore the area, defeat the Godskin Noble and either make it back to the manor entrance with Lady Tanith and the other npcs, or skip their quests and head straight to the gateway portal leading to Praetor Rykard .
The regular paths to enter the manor are either on foot/horseback across Mt. Gelmir , or to be teleported right to the Volcano Manor entrance grace by Rya once reaching the Altus Plateau . You won't be able to reach the bosses or explore the rest of the area from here unless you accept Lady Tanith's offer to get the Drawing-Room Key . If you join the manor, a list of NPCs become available there: Bernahl , Patches , Rya , Diallos Hoslow . To get all the content out of the manor, you have to wait with fighting Rykard until reaching the Mountaintops of the Giants , so that you can do all of the following NPC invasions for the manor: Old Knight Istvan , Rileigh the Idle, Great Horned Tragoth , Vargram the Raging Wolf + Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm, Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood . After defeating Juno Hoslow, Tanith offers to send you to Rykard, where you can then start the boss fight. Remember to complete Rya 's quest before defeating Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood , otherwise you'll be locked out of Tanith 's dialogue regarding Rya.

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Deathbirds
Death Rite Bird is a Field Boss in Elden Ring . These skeletal bird-like creatures are found throughout the lands between, usually at night. These are optional bosses as players are not required to defeat them in order to advance in Elden Ring, but they do provide useful items and Runes upon defeat. Unlike their weaker variants the Deathbirds , they have a full set of wings and wield powerful ghostflame magic.
See Death Rite Bird Lore
In the time when there was no Erdtree, death was burned in ghostflame. Deathbirds were the keepers of that fire.
Death Rite Birds can be found in:
Academy Gate Town [ More Info ↓ ] [ Map Link ]
Caelid [ More Info ↓ ] [ Map Link ]
Mountaintops of the Giants [ More Info ↓ ] [ Map Link ]
Apostate Derelict [ More Info ↓ ] [ Map Link ]
Charo's Hidden Grave [ More Info ↓ ] [ Map Link ]
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken
Those Who Live in Death
Damage: Standard , Pierce , Magic
Inflicts: Frostbite , Death Blight
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
The Best Tips for Death Rite Bird:
Holy Water Pots can take advantage of its weakness to Holy damage and the pots' inherent 400% damage bonus against Those Who Live in Death to do massive damage even at low Faith
The Sacred Blade skill is another great way for non- Faith builds to do Holy damage
Use Fallingstar Beast Jaw 's skill, Gravity Bolt , when locked onto the Death Rite Bird's head to quickly break its stance
Blind spots include right under the Death Rite Bird or behind it, but ghostflame can limit even these locations
Be careful when locking onto its head, as it moves around quickly and can easily disorient you. It's a good idea to only lock onto its head when you're actively trying to attack it, and otherwise stay locked on its body
Stay on foot by default, and only get on Torrent briefly to evade specific attacks. A Death Rite Bird can leap a great distance, and the reach on its poker is long enough to clip you even when you're running at full speed on Torrent. The passive damage from its ghostlfame will also knock you off your horse quickly. Even ranged players should try to stay just outside the range of its swings, and keep the flexibility to dodge out of the way when it attacks
Stay close to its hind legs, time your dodges, and get a few swings in after every attack. Don't get greedy and attack more than a few times.
O Holy Fight: Because Death Rite Birds are both Those Who Live in Death and weak to Holy damage, melee builds with high Faith will have a particularly easy time defeating them. The Order's Blade sorcery is easy to get and will give your weapon a tremendous damage boost against this boss.
Many of its abilities can one-shot you if you don't have high HP. Many more deal ghostflame chip damage even if you block, or cause lingering ghostflame that deals damage over time across a wide area. Between this and its ability to close distance rapidly and attack again even as you dodge, it's difficult to find an opportunity to safely attack from a distance. The lingering ghostflame also makes it difficult to stay in the safer areas behind them and near their feet. Play cautiously, focus on survival, and only get in attacks when you're confident you can do so safely.
It's Litany: For Faith -based magic builds, Litany of Proper Death will make short work of this fight. Because Death Right Birds are both Those Who Live in Death and weak to Holy damage, it will do a whopping 1400% extra damage. Just be aware that it will only work when the Death Rite Bird is touching the ground, so time the incantation carefully.
The Ravenmount Assassins worship these creatures, modeling their armor after them.
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Gate Town North
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You cannot summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
Just south of the Gate Town North Site of Grace. As with most Death Rite Birds, it only appears at night. [ Map Link ]
Drops 7,800, Ancient Death Rancor
Scarlet Rot : 539 / 829 / 1286
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
Closest Site of Grace: Southern Aeonia Swamp Bank
Across the path to the southeast of the Southern Aeonia Swamp Bank Site of Grace. As with most Death Rite Birds, it only appears at night. [ Map Link ]
Drops 15,000, Death's Poker
Above the gate on the road to Sellia, there is a pot-throwing Troll. If you bait the Death Rite Bird into the range of the Troll, the pots it throws deal a significant amount of damage
You could also use a bow to shoot it down from above, after you've taken care of the pot throwing troll.
Scarlet Rot : 543 / 833 / 1290
Closest Site of Grace: Castle Sol Main Gate
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
From the Castle Sol Main Gate Site of Grace, head west and take the path up to the plateau. Alternatively, from the Snow Valley Ruins Overlook head west and take the path down . Either way, the Death Rite Bird is on the middle ledge between the lower and upper levels. Unlike other Death Rite Birds, it appears even during the day. [ Map Link ]
Drops 77,000, Death Ritual Spear
Use the terrain to your advantage. There's a valley near the arena. Move between the top and bottom of it to exploit the horizontal limits of its relatively flat hit-boxes. If it's either significantly above or below you, most of the physical components of its attacks will miss, making it much easier to deal with its area-of-effect attacks and get in hits. If you get a good summon out before you engage, take it slow, and quickly move to keep it on a different level from you, this becomes a significantly easier fight
OR you can use the cliff as your environment backup, just bait out the flying sweep move as you do a slight drop down from near the stone astrolabes above the cliff, and the fall damage will most likely kill the bird.
Scarlet Rot : 565 / 855 / 1312
Closest Site of Grace: Apostate Derelict
Found at the head of the frozen river, just southeast of the Apostate Derelict . As with most Death Rite Birds, it only appears at night. [ Map Link ]
Drops 220,000, Explosive Ghostflame
Use the terrain to your advantage. As soon as it spawns, you can ride Torrent up the pathway to the west of the river and stand on the cliffs above the Death Rite Bird, and will be completely out of range of all of its attacks. From here you can use ranged attacks to defeat it easily.
OR you could use the nearby Rotten Duelist as your temporary ally, just bait out his charge move and lure him all the way down to where the bird is, then use Bewitching Branch on him.
Scarlet Rot : 653 / 943 / 1400
Closest Site of Grace: Charo's Hidden Grave
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
From the Charo's Hidden Grave Site of Grace, pass through under the stone bridge into a graveyard partly sunken in water, then make your way towards the end and the Death Rite Bird will appear. [ Map Link ]
Drops 230,000, Ash of War: Ghostflame Call
Scarlet Rot : 689 / 979 / 1436
Ritual spear used by priests of old who were permitted to come among the Deathbirds.
The priests became guardians of the birds through the rite of Death, which also serves as an oath sworn to their distant resurrection .
Barbed rod carried by Deathbirds.
The birds are graveyard fire keepers; it is said they rake out the ashen remains of the dead from their kilns .
Sorcery of the servants of Death.
Strike the ground with the staff, triggering an explosion of ghostflame that burns the surrounding area.
In the time when there was no Erdtree, death was burned in ghostflame. Deathbirds were the keepers of that fire .
Craftable item prepared using a cracked pot. Enchanted by the ancient death hex.
Consumes FP. Throw at enemies to spawn vengeful spirits that chase down foes.
In times of old, the dead were burned with ghostflame, and from those cinders arose vengeful spirits.
Hatchet used in ancient sacrificial rite. A Deathbird is depicted as a malevolent deity.
The power of the rite yet lingers. A small amount of FP is restored upon slaying a foe.
Shield featuring a vividly painted twinbird.
The twinbird is said to be the envoy of an outer god, and mother of the Deathbirds.
Summons a horde of vengeful spirits that chase down foes. Charging enhances potency.
They are cinders of the ancient death hex, raked from the fires of ghostflame by Deathbirds.
A talisman adorned with red feathers, once used in ancient death rituals.
Raises attack power when HP is low.
The heart sings when one draws close to death, and a glorious end awaits those who cling so tenaciously to life.
A talisman adorned with blue feathers, once used in ancient death rituals.
Raises defense when HP is low.
The heart sings when one draws close to death, and thus does one cling so tenaciously to life - to render up a death worth offering.
The priests became guardians of the birds through the rite of Death, which also serves as an oath sworn to their distant resurrection.
- Death Ritual Spear
Death Rite Birds are optional recurring bosses in ELDEN RING (2022) . They are a more powerful version of the deathbirds .
2 Boss fight 2.1 Moveset 2.1.1 Phase 1 2.1.2 Phase 2 2.2 Weaknesses
2.1 Moveset 2.1.1 Phase 1 2.1.2 Phase 2
Death Rite Birds are gigantic decaying birds with incrusted corpses over their body, partially covered in ghostflame and guarded by the spirits of the servants of death inside their wings.
All deathbirds are said to be the offspring of an entity called the twinbird , which is an envoy of an outer god . [ 1 ] Their purpose was to tend the ghostflame [ 2 ] by raking out the ashen remains of the death from their kiln. Because of this, they were called graveyard fire keepers [ 3 ] and used to be widely active before the Erdtree existed, [ 4 ] although regarded as malevolent deities by some. [ 5 ]
Through the ancient act of the rite of Death , priests of old were permitted to come among the deathbirds and become their guardians, and act which serves as an oath sworn to their distant resurrection. [ 6 ] Such priests can be seen inside their wings as spirit beings wielding death ritual spears .
The Death Rite Bird often spawns from a giant ball of Ghostflame up in the sky.
It is possible to lock onto either the boss's head or the spine. It takes extra damage when hit in the head, but due to how much it moves, it can disorienting and result in getting dead-angled when blocking, so it's usually safer to lock into the spine or not at all.
While it is possible to fight this boss on horseback, it is not recommended. The safest place to be in melee range is behind its legs, where neither the weapon swings, nor the beak can hit you.
This boss can be staggered when dealt enough damage, giving you a window to land a visceral attack on its head.
The first phase is very similar to a normal Deathbird fight, with the difference that its melee attacks deal both physical and ghostflame damage, making shields somewhat less effective although blocking is still preferable to receiving the damage directly.
Death Rite Birds also uses Ghostflame Ignition, the unique ash of war of the Death's Poker .
When dropping to 50% HP it gains 3 new attacks:
As they count as Those Who Live in Death they are weak to Holy damage and extremely weak to specific anti-undead weapons. Ash of War: Sacred Blade and Holy Water Pots are useful tools to make short work of these enemies, even if the user doesn't have a lot of Faith .
Picture showing a path from the nearest grace (left) to the Death Rite Bird in Caelid (right)
The birds are made of bodies
↑ Twinbird Kite Shield
↑ Explosive Ghostflame
↑ Death Ritual Spear

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Tibia Mariner
Tibia Mariner is a Field Boss in Elden Ring . These hunched skeleton dress in lace and ride a ghostly boat. It steers its vessel and attacks the player with a large horn and the aid of undead Skeletons . They are optional bosses, as players don't need to defeat them in order to advance in Elden Ring .
See Tibia Mariner Lore
Tibia Mariner can be found in:
Summonwater Village [ More Info ] [ Map Link ]
Liurnia of the Lakes [ More Info ] [ Map Link ]
Wyndham Ruins [ More Info ] [ Map Link ]
Mountaintops of the Giants [ More Info ] [ Map Link ]
Charo's Hidden Grave [ More Info ] [ Map Link ]
Immune to critical attacks . Breaking its stance will only stun it briefly.
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 mean the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
The Best Tips for Tibia Mariner:
Stay on Torrent throughout the battle to more easily follow the Tibia Mariner when it teleports.
Use a spirit ash that can help you distract the Skeletons , like the Lone Wolf Ashes .
Yee Haw: Stay mounted on Torrent , run in for a few hits, then run away again. The Skeletons are slow enough that you won't need to worry about them, and the Tibia Mariner's attacks are slow enough that you probably won't get hit often.
Slow and Steady: If you're fighting on foot, focus on damaging the Tibia Mariner itself and try to avoid getting hit by the Skeletons. Hit the boss a few times and then dodge out of the way when it starts attacking. Keep repeating this, staying to its side or behind it if you can. The Crashing Wave attack will kill Skeletons as well, which can help control the crowd.
Stay on horseback and keep back when attacking. The Tibia Mariner moves slowly and doesn't have any way to punish ranged attacks other than its allies, which move slowly in their own right as well. If they start crowding you, run to the other side of the boss and attack from there.
They always drop Deathroot , which signifies their control over Those Who Live in Death .
They also occasionally summon a Giant Skeleton (Spirit) .
Known as Bonebeckoner Mariner in 1.00 version of the game.
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Summonwater Village Outskirts
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You can summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
The Tibia Mariner moves around the pond in Summonwater Village, directly northeast of the Summonwater Village Outskirts Site of Grace. [ Map Link ]
Drops 2,400, Deathroot , Skeletal Militiaman Ashes
This Tibia Mariner summons Skeletons
NPC Summons : D, Hunter of the Dead . Speak to him first just outside Summonwater Village before this encounter and he available to help you during this fight.
Scarlet Rot : 316 / 414 / 704 / 1161
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
Closest Site of Grace: Artist's Shack (Liurnia of the Lakes)
The Tibia Mariner can be found in the grove of trees on the path between the Liurnia Highway North and Artist's Shack (Liurnia of the Lakes) Sites of Grace. [ Map Link ]
This Tibia Mariner summons Skeletal Militiamen
Drops 4,700, Deathroot , Skeletal Bandit Ashes
Scarlet Rot : 329 / 427 / 717 / 1174
Closest Site of Grace: Seethewater River
The Tibia Mariner can be found in the waters around Wyndham Ruins . It usually spawns on the eastern side. [ Map Link ]
This Tibia Mariner summons Giant Skeletons (Spirit) , which emerge from the ground to briefly do a single attack and then submerge again. While they can be killed, the Mariner will just summon more.
Drops 14,000, Deathroot , Tibia's Summons
Scarlet Rot : 337 / 435 / 725 / 1182
This enemy does not have a boss bar, but it will not respawn when killed
Closest Site of Grace: Snow Valley Ruins Overlook
The Tibia Mariner can be found in a small nook on the cliff to the northwest of the Snow Valley Ruins Overlook Site of Grace, overlooking Castle Sol . [ Map Link ]
Although this Tibia Mariner is found near several Giant Skeletons (Spirit) like those summoned by the one in Altus Plateau, they're more autonomous and stationary. They'll attack without being invoked by the Mariner, but they'll also stay in one place rather than following you. They usually can't reach the nook in which you find the Mariner, so you can fight it without worrying about them.
Once this Tibia Mariner is defeated, the nearby Giant Skeletons (Spirit) will continue to respawn after the area has been reset after a Site of Grace rest or a death. This is because they actually aren't summoned by the Tibia Mariner.
Drops 4,234, Deathroot , Helphen's Steeple
Scarlet Rot : 340 / 438 / 728 / 1185
Closest Site of Grace: Charo's Hidden Grave
This Tibia Mariner is visible immediately upon entering Charo's Hidden Grave. From the Charo's Hidden Grave Site of Grace, go east until you hit a pool of water, then head downstream to the south until you see the Tibia Mariner. [ Map Link ]
Drops 9,959, Tibia's Cookbook
Scarlet Rot : 408 / 506 / 796 / 1253
Sorcery of the servants of Death.
Summons a group of Those Lost in Death. Three skeletons will appear some distance from the caster and attack foes before disappearing.
The dead have long been left to wander; what they need is leadership.
A record of crafting techniques of the mariners, the oldest of grave keepers. Details an ancient means of summoning the dead.
Acquire the knowledge to craft the following: - Call of Tibia
An ancient ceremonial tool that uses a grave keeper's skull as a catalyst. Craftable item.
Uses FP to summon one lost in death at the spot that it is thrown. The creature spins and mows down foes in the vicinity three times before dissipating.
The old grave keepers are boatsmen, and continue to summon the dead even after withering away.
Tibia Mariners are optional bosses in ELDEN RING (2022) .
1 Background 1.1 The Golden Order
1.1 The Golden Order
2 Bosses 2.1 Drops 2.2 Moveset
Mariners are grave keepers who ferry lost souls across a sea in the spirit world . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] They navigate their spectral vessels through ghostly waters with alpine horns that, when blown, summon Those Who Live in Death . [ 5 ] Their movement is not restricted to water when they appear in the Lands Between .
The Tibia Mariners were the first of all grave keepers in the Lands Between . [ 6 ] They beckon Those Lost in Death by blowing into their hollow oars. [ 5 ] [ 7 ] They have guided the dead to the Gravesite Plain for an eternity, [ 3 ] unbothered by their bones having long since crumbled to dust. [ 1 ]
The ancient mariners themselves were laid to rest amongst the crimson fields of Charo's Hidden Grave . [ 8 ] Their secrets were inherited by future generations of grave keepers , [ 9 ] who used their skulls as catalysts for summoning wandering spirits . [ 10 ] Their boats, or recreations of them, were prominently displayed in the Shadow Keep 's Church District . The importance of the oarsmen was recognized even amongst the living.
The Tibia Mariners were suppressed when the Rune of Death was removed from the Elden Ring . [ 5 ] In their absence, those without Marika 's Grace who met a glorious end in battle were left to wander. [ 11 ] [ 12 ] The heroes of her Golden Order received Erdtree Burial , [ 13 ] and had no need for the archaic ferrymen. [ 14 ]
When Godwyn the Golden was buried at the base of the Erdtree , he soon transformed into the piscine Prince of Death . [ 15 ] The blight leaked from his body and infected the great tree roots, and manifested itself as Deathroot throughout the Lands Between. [ 16 ] The Tibia Mariners slowly resurfaced, and Those Who Live in Death answered their call. [ 5 ] [ 17 ]
Gurranq the Beast Clergyman charges D, Hunter of the Dead , and the Tarnished to hunt down the Tibia Mariners and reap their Deathroot. [ 18 ] He believes he can restore the sanctity of the Golden Order by absorbing the residual fragments of Destined Death . [ 19 ] [ 20 ] [ 21 ]
While the Tibia Mariners themselves curiously enough are not counted as among Those Who Live in Death , their minions are and usage of specialized anti-undead equipment will make it easier to isolate the mariner.
In terms of combat ability, these enemies are quite weak on their own, especially against ranged attacks. Their main threat comes from the allies they summon and the fact that they typically operate in large combat areas, periodically teleporting to different positions. Given that they all fight among ruins, it can be challenging to locate them after they teleport, and the constant stream of summoned allies can become overwhelming. To counter this, your primary tactic should be to ignore the summoned allies entirely. Instead, use Torrent whenever possible to quickly locate the mariner, then hit them hard and fast before his friends have a chance to regroup.
Given that they all fight among ruins, it can be challenging to locate them after they teleport, and the constant stream of summoned allies can become overwhelming. To counter this, your primary tactic should be to ignore the summoned allies entirely. Instead, use Torrent whenever possible to quickly locate the mariner, then hit them hard and fast before his friends have a chance to regroup.
The seated Tibia Mariner uses an alphorn to paddle his incorporeal rowboat across ethereal, violet waters. His body is skeletonized, save for the wizened beard that clings to his slack mandible. A floral pattern decorates the white-laced chapel veil that rests upon his head and drapes over his bony frame. Attached to the veil are wide, golden hoops, each adorned with three large golden flower emblems inlaid with rubies. The mariner's forearms are wrapped in cloth, and several gold bracelets hang from his wrists. He wears the tattered remains of robes sewn from purple thread.
The mariner's transparent wooden rowboat shimmers with a faint purple hue. A chair is built into its deck, with a semi-circle cut into the backrest to create a depression at the top. Spiral patterns ascend its stile and backpost before transitioning into straight lines beaming upward. The backpost extends several feet higher than the chair and terminates in an upward concave arch reminiscent of Marika's Rune . Hanging ventrally from it is a small lantern alight with a purple ghostflame . [ 22 ] The boat's exterior hull is highly decorated with intricate relief carvings. Two adjacent floral embellishments are encircled by spiral-containing rings and bound together with a sturdy knot. The gunwale trim above features a wavelength weaving over and under stars, possibly symbolic of the Primeval Current .
The mariner will sometimes whip up a great torrent of water that carries his boat high into the air. When it reaches it apex, he extends his arm, and a bright red light emanates from a jewel in his palm. This light is said to beckon the lost spirits of those slain in battle. [ 11 ]
The dry and metallic moans of the mariner eerily echo upon themselves as if uttered from deep within a dungeon. When he sounds his lengthy brass horn, a single clang of metal deeply reverberates like a tolling bell. When cast, his ancient Death magic produces a haunting noise like the crashing of cymbals. [ 2 ]
It is unclear whether the resurgence of the mariners is linked to the boats at the Shadow Keep . It could be an act of iconoclasm, or evidence the unsung heroes of Messmer 's crusade now revere the ferrymen in their own way. [ 23 ]
It is unclear whether the Tibia Mariners played a role in delivering the Stone coffins now beached on the Cerulean Coast . [ 24 ]
They appear to be leaders among Those Who Live in Death [ 5 ] , and each one carries Deathroot .

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Bell Bearing Hunter
Bell Bearing Hunter is a recurring Field Boss in Elden Ring . He is a hunter of shopkeepers who only appears at night and features long-distance melee attacks. This is an optional boss as players don't need to defeat it to advance in Elden Ring.
He will appear only at night, so if you don't see him, make sure to rest again at the nearby Site of Grace after passing time to nightfall.
See Elemer of the Briar for the Great Enemy version of this boss. Defeating the real Elemer will not prevent the Bell Bearing Hunters from appearing, however. Despite his fearsome reputation, the Bell Bearing Hunter cannot permanently kill merchants.
See Bell Bearing Hunter Lore
Elemer murdered numerous instructors and merchants, and was known as the Bell Bearing Hunter.
Warmaster's Shack [ More Info ] [ Map Link ]
Church of Vows [ More Info ] [ Map Link ]
Hermit Merchant's Shack [ More Info ] [ Map Link ]
Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow) [ More Info ] [ Map Link ]
Bell Bearing Hunter only spawns provided 3 requirements (in this order it will be faster): 1. The player needs to rest at the near site of grace; 2. It must be night; 3. The player needs to trigger the title of the specific location (like "Warmaster's Shack"). Players can simply rest at the locations Site of Grace, skip time until night, then exit and re-enter the game to get the boss to spawn.
Players can simply rest at the locations Site of Grace, skip time until night, then exit and re-enter the game to get the boss to spawn.
Parryable : Yes, but 2 parries are required per stance break
Is vulnerable to a critical hit after being stance broken or parried
Damage: Standard , Strike , Pierce , Magic
See Elemer of the Briar for a full boss guide
If you can climb on nearby scenery and get above the Bell Bearing Hunter's head, none of his attacks can hit you. Use spells like Night Maiden's Mist that can hit through structures to damage him. Even if it seems like he's going out of range, you can simply wait and he will be back in a moment.
If you have sufficient health, you can use Lion's Claw to tank his hits as the startup animation has superarmor which means you can't be staggered out of it by most attacks. Hit him enough times to stance break him, perform a critical and then heal while he is getting up. You will still need enough health to tank his hits and enough damage to kill him before you run out of flasks.
The negation numbers are the % of your damage that gets blocked. For example, if a negation is 60, 40% of that damage by that type will go through and 60% will be negated. Bigger number = less damage. A negation of 100 means no damage goes through, and a negation of -100 means the enemy takes 2x damage from that source. 0 means damage goes pretty much as is.
This is an optional boss
Closest Site of Grace: Warmaster's Shack
Multiplayer is allowed for this boss
You cannot summon Spirit Ashes for this boss in its normal location, but if you draw it northeast to the guard post you can summon it there.
Drops 2,700, Bone Peddler's Bell Bearing
Poison : 316 / 414 / 704 / 1161
Scarlet Rot : 316 / 414 / 704 / 1161
Hemorrhage : 517 / 807 / 1264
Frostbite : 517 / 807 / 1264
Sleep : 316 / 414 / 704 / 1161
The resistance numbers are the buildup amount to trigger it. For example, if a resistance is 100 you must deal 100 points of the given buildup to trigger it. Note that these go down over time, and increase each time the effect procs. The values after the "/"s indicate the increased resistances after each successive proc.
Closest Site of Grace: Church of Vows
You cannot summon Spirit Ashes for this boss
Drops 6,000, Meat Peddler's Bell Bearing
Poison : 329 / 427 / 717 / 1174
Scarlet Rot : 329 / 427 / 717 / 1174
Hemorrhage : 539 / 829 / 1286
Frostbite : 539 / 829 / 1286
Sleep : 329 / 427 / 717 / 1174
Closest Site of Grace: Hermit Merchant's Shack
Drops 20,000, Medicine Peddler's Bell Bearing
Poison : 337 / 435 / 725 / 1182
Scarlet Rot : 337 / 435 / 725 / 1182
Hemorrhage : 552 / 842 / 1299
Frostbite : 552 / 842 / 1299
Sleep : 337 / 435 / 725 / 1182
Closest Site of Grace: Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)
Drops 50,000, Gravity Stone Peddler's Bell Bearing
Poison : 383 / 481 / 771 / 1228
Scarlet Rot : 383 / 481 / 771 / 1228
Hemorrhage : 627 / 917 / 1374
Frostbite : 627 / 917 / 1374
Sleep : 383 / 481 / 771 / 1228
The bell bearings earned from defeating the Bell Bearing Hunter are kept when going into New Game Plus . For those looking to follow in his footsteps, actual merchant bell bearings are not kept.
The Bell Bearing Hunter will show up if one fast travels to the site of grace while it is nighttime. As mentioned above, one will have to rest once more if they decided to rest at the site of grace until nightfall in order for the field boss to spawn.
The iteration of the Bell Bearing Hunter that shows up in Dragonbarrow is notably stronger than all other versions despite being encounterable much earlier in the game. Because of this, this fight is ill-advised for early-to-mid game players.
Defeating Elemer of the Briar has no impact on encounters with the Bell Bearing Hunter, but is necessary in order to acquire his shield , the briar set , and the Marais executioner's sword .
Battered iron armor from a foreign land. Worn by Elemer of the Briar.
The winding, rusted iron briars are a mark of the guilty and typically indicate a sentence of death. They also cause this armor to deal damage when performing dodge rolls.
Greatshield from a foreign land, used by Elemer of the Briar. Attacks with this armament utilize the iron thorns that have been wound around its frame.
Originates from Eochaid, a land of proudly solitary ascetics.
Storied sword of House Marais, the family of executioners who presided over the Shaded Castle. One of the legendary armaments.
Elemer of the Briar, the Bell Bearing Hunter, snatched the sword from the site of his looming execution, and furnished it with battle skills from his home of Eochaid..
[screenshots and artwork go here]
Elemer of the Briar is a reoccurring boss in ELDEN RING (2022) .
1 Overview 1.1 Moveset
Elemer of the Briar, also known as the Bell Bearing Hunter , originally hailed from Eochaid , a land of proudly solitary ascetics. [ 1 ] He wears iron armor wrapped in iron thorns, which are a mark of the guilty and of those sentenced to death. [ 2 ] He was slated for execution at the Shaded Castle , home of the family of House Marais, however he evaded death by snatching the sword from the site of his looming execution and furnished it with battle skills from his homeland. [ 3 ] He gained the moniker "Bell Bearing Hunter" by killing numerous merchants and instructors [ 4 ] , and taking their Bell Bearings.
Elemer can be encountered in the Castellan's Hall of the Shaded Castle, the site of his failed execution. He can also appear in various locations throughout the Lands Between , typically in places where merchants can be found.
The Bell-Bearing Hunter will only appear when resting at night; to make him reappear after being defeated yourself, rest at the grace and set the time to night and then rest again.
Can include a separate table for a specific instance of this variant's moveset.
Try to stick close to him as his ranged sword swipes are much wider and generally harder to predict.
It is possible to bait him into a cycle of repeated shield slams by getting behind him and only landing one attack (lighter weapons can possibly use an uncharged heavy attack and some skills are quick enough to also be used) after each slam. Be aware that he can also follow up with an explosion sometimes, so take a moment to see if the shield begins to glow red as he is about to pull it up.
The grab is rather hard to dodge and very delayed. Wait until his hand begins to move towards you before dodging. It is also possible to dodge by running far enough away or by being behind him.
The blade drill is hard to avoid if rolling to the right and has some reach so try to roll forward and to the left.
His shield charge is very quick so try to stay relatively close as to not provoke it.
Elemer is encountered in the hall at the top of the Shaded Castle. He can channel energy through his sword, allowing him to send it towards the player and control it at a distance, or fire a red beam by rotating it quickly.
The Bell Bearing Hunter appears at night, in the Hermit Merchant's Shack in the Capital Outskirts . The Hermit Merchant (Capital Outskirts) will disappear for the duration of the fight, but will reappear if the player dies or if they defeat the boss.
The Bell Bearing Hunter appears at night, outside the Isolated Merchant's Shack in Greyoll's Dragonbarrow . The Isolated Merchant (Dragonbarrow) will disappear for the duration of the fight, but will reappear if the player dies or if they defeat the boss.
After defeating Elemer of the Briar in Shaded Castle, the Briar Set will be available for purchase from Finger Reader Enia .
Internally referred to as "hagetakakishi", which means "vulture knight".

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: Bloody Finger
Bloody Finger is a Multiplayer Item in Elden Ring . Multiplayer Items allow players to interact with each other in various ways, including leaving messages for other players to read, co-operative gameplay and competitve gameplay like PVP.
Item for online play. (Can also be used from the Multiplayer menu.)
Attempts an invasion of another player's world. If successful, you will arrive as an invader (Bloody Finger) with the objective of defeating the Host of Fingers of that world.
Glistening blood has been siphoned into the nail of this finger. Its sickly pale skin feels nothing now, but the nail still aches with sweetest pain.
Where to find Bloody Finger :
Travel to Rose Church after defeating any shardbearer and talking to Enia in the Roundtable Hold for the first time.
Speak with White Mask Varré in front of the church.
White Mask Varré will give you five Festering Bloody Fingers and ask you to invade other worlds.
There are multiple ways to complete this step; If offline, invade Magnus The Beast Claw located in Writheblood Ruins least 3 times, simply killing him works too. If online, invade at least 3 times. You do not need to successfully defeat the host; simply leaving with the Finger Severer is enough.
If offline, invade Magnus The Beast Claw located in Writheblood Ruins least 3 times, simply killing him works too.
If online, invade at least 3 times. You do not need to successfully defeat the host; simply leaving with the Finger Severer is enough.
Return to the Rose Church . Varré will give you the Lord of Blood's Favor and instruct you to soak the cloth with a maiden's blood.
There are multiple ways to complete this step; Option #1 - Chapel of Anticipation Travel Northwest to The Four Belfries . The highest belfry will have a Imbued Sword Key in a chest. The second highest belfry will transport you to the Precipice of Anticipation. After defeating the Grafted Scion , travel further to the Chapel of Anticipation . There, you will find the corpse of a maiden. Interact with her corpse to soak the Lord of Blood's Favor in her blood. Option #2 - Church of Inhibition Travel Northeast, shy of the Grand Lift, to the Church of Inhibition . In the Church of Inhibition will be a dead maiden. Interact with her corpse to soak the Lord of Blood's Favor in her blood. Option #3 - Killing a Maiden Find and kill Hyetta. Soak the Lord of Blood's Favor in her blood.
Option #1 - Chapel of Anticipation Travel Northwest to The Four Belfries . The highest belfry will have a Imbued Sword Key in a chest. The second highest belfry will transport you to the Precipice of Anticipation. After defeating the Grafted Scion , travel further to the Chapel of Anticipation . There, you will find the corpse of a maiden. Interact with her corpse to soak the Lord of Blood's Favor in her blood.
Travel Northwest to The Four Belfries .
The highest belfry will have a Imbued Sword Key in a chest.
The second highest belfry will transport you to the Precipice of Anticipation.
After defeating the Grafted Scion , travel further to the Chapel of Anticipation . There, you will find the corpse of a maiden.
Interact with her corpse to soak the Lord of Blood's Favor in her blood.
Option #2 - Church of Inhibition Travel Northeast, shy of the Grand Lift, to the Church of Inhibition . In the Church of Inhibition will be a dead maiden. Interact with her corpse to soak the Lord of Blood's Favor in her blood.
Travel Northeast, shy of the Grand Lift, to the Church of Inhibition .
In the Church of Inhibition will be a dead maiden.
Option #3 - Killing a Maiden Find and kill Hyetta. Soak the Lord of Blood's Favor in her blood.
Find and kill Hyetta.
Soak the Lord of Blood's Favor in her blood.
Return to the Rose Church and speak with Varré.
Hand over the Lord of Blood’s Favor.
Upon completion of the questline, Varré will grant you the Bloody Finger.
[ Elden Ring Map Here ]
You can attempt to invade another player's world.
If you successfully invade, invasion multiplayer will begin, with you as a Bloody Finger. (Your goal will be to defeat the Host of Fingers). Killing the Host of Fingers will grant the invader a Rune Arc and a Furlcalling Finger Remedy .
During invasion multiplayer, you are provided three Phantom Bloody Fingers . Using these will spawn you at another location in the same session.
Doing the quest and consequently receiving this item makes your eyes slightly redder. This effect can be disabled in the mirror in Fia's room at the Roundtable Hold .
The maximum number of invaders is 1 unless the host is using the Taunter's Tongue .
By default, invasions can only occur once the host has summoned a cooperator. Solo invasions cannot happen unless the host has used the Taunter's Tongue.
Bloody Finger is a reusable, online-only tool in ELDEN RING (2022) . This item can be used as many times as the player wishes, unlike Festering Bloody Fingers which are consumed upon use and need to be replenished.
Attempts an invasion of another player's world. If successful, your objective will be to defeat the Host of Fingers of the world to which you were summoned.
The nail of this finger is shot through with streaks of fresh, glistening blood. The finger's sickly pale skin feels nothing now, but the nail still aches with sweetest pain.
Obtained after giving Varré the Blood-Soaked Favor and joining Mohg's Bloody Fingers .
Using this item will make the player attempt to invade the world of another player, should they manage to connect then they will spawn in the other player's world as a Bloody Finger with three Phantom Bloody Fingers to use in that session. The practical and cosmetic effects are the exact same as the the Festering Bloody Finger . Differences are only found when compared against the Recusant Finger , such as the invader's title being "Bloody Finger" instead of "Recusant", the afformentioned Bloody Finger variant of the Phantom Finger , as well as a unique background song playing when the Bloody Finger engages the Host.
If the player has activated Mohg's Great Rune through the use of a Rune Arc they will also receive three Phantom Great Runes for use while invading through the Bloody Finger.
Menu icon of the Recusant Finger while it's searching for another world to invade.

---

area: Liurnia of the Lakes
chapter: 4
name: Liurnia of the Lakes
Liurnia of the Lakes is one of the major continental areas in the world of Elden Ring . Found northwest of the starting area of Limgrave , this region has been the common backdrop of pre-launch images of the game, notably due to the prominent placement of The Academy of Raya Lucaria overlooking the misty lake below. It can be initially accessed via the passage beneath Godrick the Grafted 's throne room in Stormveil Castle , or by following a narrow cliffside path around the east edge of the castle in northern Stormhill .
With its shallow waters and vast wetlands, the region of Liurnia is beset with the gradual sinking of most of its landmass. With its forests perpetually blanketed in fog, eerie sounds of bells can be heard in the distance.
Map (Liurnia, East) : In the southern, swampy lake, there's a monument with the map shard just by it. [ Map Link ]
Map (Liurnia, West) : In front of a monolith in the open field northeast of the Northern Liurnia Lake Shore Site of Grace . [ Map Link ]
Map (Liurnia, North) : Can be found over a grave-like big stone, at Academy Gate Town . [ Map Link ]
Academy Crystal Cave
Black Knife Catacombs
Cathedral of Manus Celes
Chapel of Anticipation
Church of Inhibition
Cliffbottom Catacombs
Converted Fringe Tower
Divine Tower of Liurnia
Frenzied Flame Village
Frenzied Flame Tower
Grand Lift of Dectus
Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)
Lakeside Crystal Cave
Malefactor's Evergaol
Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)
Raya Lucaria Academy
Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel
Ringleader's Evergaol
Road's End Catacombs
Royal Grave Evergaol
Ruin-Strewn Precipice
Slumbering Wolf's Shack
Village of the Albinaurics
Academy Crystal Cave. [ Map Link ]
Academy Gate Town. [ Map Link ]
Altar South. [ Map Link ]
Artist's Shack. [ Map Link ]
Behind Caria Manor. [ Map Link ]
Bellum Church. [ Map Link ]
Black Knife Catacombs. [ Map Link ]
Boilprawn Shack. [ Map Link ]
Cathedral of Manus Celes. [ Map Link ]
Church of the Cuckoo. [ Map Link ]
Church of Inhibition. [ Map Link ]
Church of Vows. [ Map Link ]
Cliffbottom Catacombs. [ Map Link ]
Converted Tower. [ Map Link ]
Crystalline Woods. [ Map Link ]
Debate Hall. [ Map Link ]
Divine Tower of Liurnia. [ Map Link ]
Eastern Liurnia Lake Shore. [ Map Link ]
East Gate Bridge Trestle. [ Map Link ]
East Raya Lucaria Gate [ Map Link ]
Eastern Tableland. [ Map Link ]
Fallen Ruins of the Lake. [ Map Link ]
Folly on The Lake. [ Map Link ]
Foot of the Four Belfries. [ Map Link ]
Frenzied Flame Village Outskirts. [ Map Link ]
Gate Town Bridge. [ Map Link ]
Gate Town North. [ Map Link ]
Grand Lift of Dectus. [ Map Link ]
Jarburg. [ Map Link ]
Lake-Facing Cliffs. [ Map Link ]
Lakeside Crystal Cave. [ Map Link ]
Laskyar Ruins. [ Map Link ]
Liurnia Highway North. [ Map Link ]
Liurnia Highway South. [ Map Link ]
Liurnia Lake Shore. [ Map Link ]
Liurnia Tower Bridge. [ Map Link ]
Magma Wyrm [ Map Link ]
Main Academy Gate. [ Map Link ]
Main Caria Manor Gate [ Map Link ]
Manor Lower Level. [ Map Link ]
Manor Upper Level. [ Map Link ]
Mausoleum Compound. [ Map Link ]
Moonlight Altar. [ Map Link ]
Northern Liurnia Lake Shore. [ Map Link ]
Ranni's Chamber. [ Map Link ]
Ranni's Rise. [ Map Link ]
Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel. [ Map Link ]
Raya Lucaria Grand Library. [ Map Link ]
Ravine-Veiled Village. [ Map Link ]
Revenger's Shack. [ Map Link ]
Road's End Catacombs. [ Map Link ]
Road to the Manor. [ Map Link ]
Ruined Labyrinth. [ Map Link ]
Ruin-Strewn Precipice. [ Map Link ]
Ruin-Strewn Precipice Overlook. [ Map Link ]
Royal Moongazing Grounds. [ Map Link ]
Scenic Isle. [ Map Link ]
Schoolhouse Classroom Site. [ Map Link ]
Slumbering Wolf's Shack. [ Map Link ]
Sorcerer's Isle. [ Map Link ]
South Raya Lucaria Gate. [ Map Link ]
Stillwater Cave. [ Map Link ]
Study Hall Entrance. [ Map Link ]
Temple Quarter [ Map Link ]
The Four Belfries. [ Map Link ]
The Ravine [ Map Link ]
Village of the Albinaurics. [ Map Link ]
Albus - Disguised as a pot in the Village of the Albinaurics . [ Map Link ]
Blackguard Big Boggart - Found tat the Boilprawn Shack . [ Map Link ]
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura - His summon sign can be found north of the Main Academy Gate Site of Grace at Raya Lucaria Academy . [ Map Link ]
Boc - Next to a Site of Grace at the south. [ Map Link ]
Diallos -  Can be found mourning atop on of the rooftop rubble in Academy Gate Town . [ Map Link ]
Thops - Student at the Academy of Raya Lucaria. [ Map Link ]
Hyetta - Blind lady who claims to be in search of the distant light. [ Map Link ]
Iron Fist Alexander - Found stuck in the ground just south of the Carian Study Hall . [ Map Link ]
Jar Bairn - A little living jar found in Jarburg and is a part of a few questlines. [ Map Link ]
Latenna - Found in front of the Slumbering Wolf's Shack . [ Map Link ]
Miriel Pastor of Vows : Steward at the Church of Vows , on the East Isle of Liurnia of the Lakes . [ Map Link .]
Nepheli Loux - Found underneath the stone bridge leading up to the Village of the Albinaurics . [ Map Link ]
Nomadic Merchant West Liurnia of the Lakes . - Merchant of general goods.
Finger Reader Crone - Raya Lucaria Academy bridge. [ Map Link ]
Patches can leave Murkwater Cave and may set up camp at the Scenic Isle Site of Grace , which is a raised isle in the southern parts of Liurnia's swamp, north of Limgrave . [ Map Link ]
Pidia, Carian Servant : is a Merchant that can be reached by falling from the cliff in Three Sisters into Caria Manor . In order to reach him, you will need to have completed the manor and gained access to the Three Sisters sub-region behind the estate. Drop down to his location from the cliffs at the Three Sisters. [ Map Link ]
Preceptor Seluvis - Found in Seluvis's Rise . [ Map Link ]
Ranni the Witch - Ranni is later found after earlier encounters, in Liurnia atop Ranni's Rise at Night. [ Map Link ]
Rennala - Provides rebirthing services after defeating her at the Academy of Raya Lucaria .
Rya , a scout for the Volcano Manor : Found at the structure next to the Birdseye Telescope stand.
Smithing Master Iji : can be found in the north-western section of the map. [ Map Link ]
Sorceress Sellen - Found at the Raya Lucaria Grand Library at the end of her quest.
White Mask Varré : Found at the door to the Rose Church. [ Map Link ]
Witch-Hunter Jerren - Found at the Raya Lucaria Grand Library at the end of Sellen's quest. [ Map Link ]
Albinauric Bloodclot
The majority of Liurnia, known for its vast forests and ever-present fog, is sinking into a lake.
- Map: Liurnia, West
Liurnia of the Lakes is a region in the Lands Between .
2 History 2.1 House of the Moon 2.2 First and Second Liurnian Wars
2.1 House of the Moon
2.2 First and Second Liurnian Wars
3 Locations 3.1 Sub-regions 3.2 Dungeons 3.3 Landmarks 3.4 Sites of Grace
5 Enemies 5.1 Field Bosses 5.2 NPCs
The westernmost region of the Lands Between. Characterized by its boggy woodlands, sheer cliffs, and pervasive mists, much of the region is sinking into the Liurnia Lake.
On the eastern side of the region, the Liurnia Highway runs north to south, connecting the land to the Altus Plateau and Limgrave . The western coast is closely associated with the royal family of Caria, as it is the location of their stronghold in Caria Manor . The Academy of Raya Lucaria rises above the lake in the center of Liurnia at a junction between two highroads, with the Academy Gate Town sprawling around its base as the buildings slowly sink into the waters.
Liurnia is mostly under the control of Raya Lucaria and its Knights of the Cuckoo . The Carians also maintain a presence at their manor and the Carian Study Hall . The Lunar Queen Rennala was master of the academy, but she is now locked in its grand library. [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
In the Founding Rain of Stars , glintstone rained upon the land. [ 3 ] [ 4 ] The founding glintstone sorcerers [ 5 ] [ 6 ] Azur and Lusat - both of whom had seen into the abyss from which the rain came [ 7 ] [ 8 ] - founded the most venerable Conspectuses at the Academy of Raya Lucaria. [ 9 ] The Academy itself was built on a massive glintstone deposit visible from below in the Lake of Rot , and the entire region of Liurnia is scattered with glintstone crystals. The mineral has since become central to the identity of the region.
Rennala , once a young astrologer, walked with her eyes fixed on the night sky. [ 10 ] Though she had been infatuated with the stars, she encountered an enchanting Full Moon . [ 11 ] The bewitching power of her moon eventually propelled her to her mastery of Raya Lucaria. She also came to lead the Glintstone Knights and established the House of Caria. [ 12 ] In this role she anointed the Carian Knights and her house bestowed upon them Carian glintstone sorceries. [ 13 ] [ 14 ] Her younger sister Rellana learned glintstone sorcery from Count Ymir before he turned away from his faith to the moon; Rellana and Rennala also discovered the Twin Moons , and the former learned to use incarnations of them. [ 15 ] [ 16 ]
The grand estate of Caria Manor was home to the Carian Royal Family. [ 17 ] On the upper level of the manor there are the Royal Moongazing Grounds, which may have at one point allowed the Carians to gaze on the enchanting lunar body.
The champion Lord Radagon of the Erdtree worshipers harbored territorial aggression, and his neighbors to the west came under attack in the First and Second Wars of Liurnia. [ 18 ] Radagon was at the head of these armies, and his glory was said to have been burning red. [ 19 ] [ 20 ] However, the Enchanted Knights were well-trained and were a match even for the Erdtree's champions of gold. [ 21 ] Both wars were ultimately unsuccessful, and neither side claimed victory in the second war. [ 22 ]
Moonlight Altar , a plateau in the southwest only accessible to the consort of Ranni the Witch . [ 23 ]
Bellum Highway , an elevated region in the northeast housing the Grand Lift of Dectus .
First-Generation Albinauric
Second-Generation Albinauric
Ancestral Follower Warrior
Mausoleum Foot Soldier
Raya Lucaria Foot Soldier
Raya Lucaria Soldier
Glintstone Dragon Adula
Glintstone Dragon Smarag
Night's Cavalry (Liurnia Highway)
Night's Cavalry (Bellum Highway)
Latenna the Albinauric
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura
Alexander, Warrior Jar
Blackguard Big Boggart
Blaidd the Half-Wolf
Nomadic Merchant (Liurnia Lake Shore)
Pidia, Carian Servant

---

area: Caelid
chapter: 9
name: Caelid
Caelid is a Location and Region in Elden Ring . The Caelid region is located east of Limgrave. It's mainly defined by its red, corrupt environment and a great amount of undead roaming the open fields.
Caelid, known as the locale of the last battle between General Radahn and Malenia, Blade of Miquella, is a vast land consummately marred by scarlet rot.
Map (Caelid) : Found on a monolith along Caelid Highway in the south. [ Map Link ]
Map (Dragonbarrow) : Found on a monolith along the road in the north, directly east from the Dragonbarrow West Site of Grace . [ Map Link ]
Caelem Ruins [ Map Link ]
Caelid Catacombs [ Map Link ]
Caelid Highway South [ Map Link ]
Cathedral of Dragon Communion [ Map Link ]
Chair-Crypt of Sellia [ Map Link ]
Chamber Outside the Plaza [ Map Link ]
Church of the Plague [ Map Link ]
Deep Siofra Well [ Map Link ]
Fort Gael North [ Map Link ]
Gael Tunnel [ Map Link ]
Gaol Cave [ Map Link ]
Impassable Greatbridge [ Map Link ]
Minor Erdtree Catacombs [ Map Link ]
Rear Gael Tunnel Entrance [ Map Link ]
Redmane Castle Plaza [ Map Link ]
Rotview Balcony [ Map Link ]
Sellia Backstreets [ Map Link ]
Sellia Crystal Tunnel [ Map Link ]
Sellia Under-Stair [ Map Link ]
Smoldering Church [ Map Link ]
Smoldering Wall [ Map Link ]
Southern Aeonia Swamp Bank [ Map Link ]
Starscourge Radahn [ Map Link ]
War-Dead Catacombs [ Map Link ]
Aeonia Swamp Shore [ Map Link ]
Astray From Caelid Highway North [ Map Link ]
Heart of Aeonia [ Map Link ]
Inner Aeonia [ Map Link ]
Abandoned Cave [ Map Link ]
Bestial Sanctum [ Map Link ]
Divine Tower of Caelid: Basement [ Map Link ]
Divine Tower of Caelid: Center [ Map Link ]
Dragonbarrow Cave [ Map Link ]
Dragonbarrow Fork [ Map Link ]
Dragonbarrow West [ Map Link ]
Farum Greatbridge [ Map Link ]
Fort Faroth [ Map Link ]
Isolated Merchant's Shack [ Map Link ]
Lenne's Rise [ Map Link ]
Sellia Hideaway [ Map Link ]
Caelid Waypoint Ruins
Cathedral of Dragon Communion (Caelid)
Church of the Plague
Divine Tower of Caelid
Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)
Minor Erdtree (Caelid)
Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)
Minor Erdtree Catacombs
Sellia Crystal Tunnel
Sellia, Town of Sorcery
Shack of the Rotting
Street of Sages Ruins
Alexander - Found around Redmane Castle
Blaidd - Found in Redmane Castle before the Festival
Nomadic Merchant Caelid Highway North - Merchant of general goods. [ Map Link ]
Nomadic Merchant Caelid South - Merchant of general goods. [ Map Link ]
Gowry - Found inside his shack. [ Map Link ]
Gurranq, Beast Clergyman - Found in the Bestial Sanctum [ Map Link ]
Master Lusat - Found in Sellia Hideaway . Requires progressing Sellen's quest to reach. [ Map Link ]
Millicent - Found in the Church of the Plague . [ Map Link ]
The Great-Jar - Found at the coliseum in northwesternern Caelid. [ Map Link ]
Witch-Hunter Jerren - Castle Crier. Speak to him to initiate the festival or continue the Sorceress Sellen questline
Faded Erdleaf Flower
Great Dragonfly Head
Large Glintstone Scrap
Smoldering Butterfly
Tarnished Golden Sunflower
Somber Smithing Stone (2)
Somber Smithing Stone (4)
Somber Smithing Stone (5)
Somber Smithing Stone (6)
Consumables Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot Grace Mimic Poison Grease Preserving Boluses Rot Grease Rune Arc
Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot
Weapons Cross-Naginata Flamberge Gargoyle's Blackblade Gargoyle's Black Halberd Godslayer's Greatsword Greatbow Katar Lusat's Glintstone Staff Meteoric Ore Blade Meteorite Staff Moonveil Nox Flowing Sword Regalia Of Eochaid Ruins Greatsword Sword of St. Trina Partisan Serpent Bow Staff of Loss Venomous Fang Wakizashi
Gargoyle's Blackblade
Gargoyle's Black Halberd
Godslayer's Greatsword
Lusat's Glintstone Staff
Armor Banished Knight Set Blackflame Monk Set Cerulean Tear Scarab Champion Set Cleanrot Set Golden Scarab Godskin Apostle Set Greathelm Imp Head (Wolf) Lusat's Set Marionette Soldier Birdhelm Marionette Soldier Set Perfumer Traveler's Set Pumpkin Helm Radahn Foot Soldier Set Radahn Soldier Set Redmane Knight Set
Cerulean Tear Scarab
Marionette Soldier Birdhelm
Marionette Soldier Set
Perfumer Traveler's Set
Radahn Foot Soldier Set
Shields Pillory Shield Visage Shield
Talismans Arrow's Sting Talisman Faithful's Canvas Talisman Sacred Scorpion Charm Spelldrake Talisman +1 Starscourge Heirloom
Arrow's Sting Talisman
Faithful's Canvas Talisman
Sacred Scorpion Charm
Spelldrake Talisman +1
Starscourge Heirloom
Incantations Flame, Grant Me Strength Pest Threads
Flame, Grant Me Strength
Sorceries Glintstone Stars Night Comet Night Maiden's Mist Night Shard Rock Blaster Rock Sling
Multiplayer Items Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Spirit Ashes Battlemage Hugues Ashes Kindred of Rot Ashes Mad Pumpkin Head Ashes Miranda Sprout Ashes Putrid Corpse Ashes Radahn Soldier Ashes Redmane Knight Ogha Ashes Rotten Stray Ashes
Battlemage Hugues Ashes
Kindred of Rot Ashes
Mad Pumpkin Head Ashes
Miranda Sprout Ashes
Radahn Soldier Ashes
Redmane Knight Ogha Ashes
Crystal Tears Flame-Shrouding Cracked Tear Greenburst Crystal Tear Windy Crystal Tear
Flame-Shrouding Cracked Tear
Greenburst Crystal Tear
Key Items Cracked Pot Dragon Heart Imbued Sword Key Map (Caelid) Map (Dragonbarrow) Perfume Bottle Redmane Painting Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (1) Sellia's Secret Stonesword Key
Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (1)
Ashes of War Ash of War: Cragblade Ash of War: Double Slash Ash of War: Flame of the Redmanes Ash of War: Flaming Strike Ash of War: Lifesteal Fist Ash of War: Lion's Claw Ash of War: Rain of Arrows Ash of War: Sacred Ring of Light Ash of War: Poison Moth Flight Ash of War: Poisonous Mist
Ash of War: Cragblade
Ash of War: Double Slash
Ash of War: Flame of the Redmanes
Ash of War: Flaming Strike
Ash of War: Lifesteal Fist
Ash of War: Lion's Claw
Ash of War: Rain of Arrows
Caelid is a region in ELDEN RING (2022) .
A wasteland on the southeastern tip of the Lands Between , plagued by Scarlet Rot and inhabited by all manner of malformed creatures. Caelid borders Limgrave to its west. It was the site of the battle between General Radahn and Malenia, Blade of Miquella , during which the first flower of Aeonia bloomed and covered the region in Scarlet Rot. Radahn's army, the Redmanes, continues to combat the rot using fire. [ 1 ]
Caelid is characterized by its blood-red skies, rocks, and vegetation. To its southeast lies the Wailing Dunes , a vast expanse of red sand where General Radahn wanders in his madness. [ 2 ] The heart of Caelid is home to the rot-filled Swamp of Aeonia , covered in remains from the Battle of Aeonia. Sellia, Town of Sorcery sits on the eastern shore of the Swamp of Aeonia, now inhabited only by specters. The northern region of Caelid is called Dragonbarrow , home to Elder Dragon Greyoll and her offspring. Like the Weeping Peninsula , Dragonbarrow hosts an unceasing rainstorm.
While Dragonbarrow is not under control of the Redmanes [ 3 ] , Radahn's forces operate in southern Caelid. Redmane Castle is the stronghold of the Redmanes, home to the Radahn Festival and currently overseen by Castellan Jerren .
Greyoll's Dragonbarrow
Flying Dragon Greyll
Nomadic Merchant (Caelid Highway North)
Nomadic Merchant (Southern Caelid)
Isolated Merchant (Dragonbarrow)
Alexander, Warrior Jar
Blaidd the Half-Wolf
Gurranq, Beast Clergyman
The northeastern peninsula of Caelid has connections to Crumbling Farum Azula ; the peninsula is accessed via the Farum Greatbridge, and its most prominent structure is the Bestial Sanctum , home to Gurranq, Beast Clergyman .
In Welsh, "Cae llid" roughly translates to "inflamed field", referencing the region's festering condition. [ 4 ]

---

area: Altus Plateau
chapter: 13
name: Altus Plateau
Altus Plateau is a Location in Elden Ring . The Altus Plateau region can be accessed either by:
Using the Grand Lift of Dectus . (Requires the collection of both halves of the Dectus Medallion, which can be done at an early stage in the game).
Going through the Ruin-Strewn Precipice (after making your way through the Ravine-veiled Village , the Miner's Caves and Ruin-Strewn Precipice and defeating Magma Wyrm Makar ).
A third, "secret" route can be utilized to reach the Altus Plateau region by being intentionally swallowed and killed by the Abductor Virgin at the bottom of the Raya Lucaria waterwheel. Doing so will take you to an otherwise secluded area inside Volcano Manor . From here you can reach the Altus Plateau by defeating the double Abductor Virgins boss. (Please note that this is might be a difficult boss fight for low-leveled characters, but if you fail to defeat them you can teleport out as soon as you have unlocked the site of grace).
A fourth, more complicated (and even more difficult) path to Dectus is through Nokron and Deeproot Depths. This involves activating the Radahn Festival, defeating Starscourge Radahn , making your way through Nokron and defeating the twin Valiant Gargoyles , traveling through the Deeproot Depths , and finally defeating a quintet of NPC human summons as part of Fia 's questline. This will allow you to teleport directly into Leyndell , the Royal Capital, from which you can make your way over the North-Eastern bridge over the moat. The gate at the end of this bridge is blocked by a Boss Fog Gate that cannot be passed until the Draconic Tree Sentinel on the other side has been vanquished, but you can parkour jump with torrent on to the cliff on the West-side of the gate.
Fragment Altus Plateau : Map (Altus Plateau) is found north of the Altus Highway Junction Site of Grace. [ Map Link ]
Bridge of Iniquity [ Map Link ]
Craftsman's Shack [ Map Link ]
First Mt. Gelmir Campsite [ Map Link ]
Gelmir Hero's Grave [ Map Link ]
Ninth Mt. Gelmir Campsite [ Map Link ]
Primeval Sorcerer Azur [ Map Link ]
Road of Iniquity [ Map Link ]
Seethewater Cave [ Map Link ]
Seethewater River [ Map Link ]
Seethewater Terminus [ Map Link ]
Volcano Cave [ Map Link ]
Wyndham Catacombs [ Map Link ]
Abductor Virgin [ Map Link ]
Audience Pathway [ Map Link ]
Guest Hall [ Map Link ]
Prison Town Church [ Map Link ]
Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy [ Map Link ]
Subterranean Inquisition Chamber [ Map Link ]
Temple of Eiglay [ Map Link ]
Volcano Manor [ Map Link ]
Abandoned Coffin [ Map Link ]
Altus Highway Junction [ Map Link ]
Altus Plateau [ Map Link ]
Altus Tunnel [ Map Link ]
Bower of Bounty [ Map Link ]
Castellan's Hall [ Map Link ]
Erdtree-Gazing Hill [ Map Link ]
Forest-Spanning Greatbridge [ Map Link ]
Old Altus Tunnel [ Map Link ]
Perfumer's Grotto [ Map Link ]
Rampartside Path [ Map Link ]
Road of Iniquity Side Path [ Map Link ]
Sage's Cave [ Map Link ]
Sainted Hero's Grave [ Map Link ]
Shaded Castle Inner Gate [ Map Link ]
Shaded Castle Ramparts [ Map Link ]
Unsightly Catacombs [ Map Link ]
Windmill Heights [ Map Link ]
Windmill Village [ Map Link ]
Two parked Carriages
One Carriage being towed by Trolls
Auriza Hero's Grave [ Map Link ]
Auriza Side Tomb [ Map Link ]
Capital Rampart [ Map Link ]
Divine Tower of West Altus Gate [ Map Link ]
Divine Tower of West Altus [ Map Link ]
Hermit Merchant's Shack [ Map Link ]
Minor Erdtree Church [ Map Link ]
Outer Wall Battleground [ Map Link ]
Outer Wall Phantom Tree [ Map Link ]
Sealed Tunnel [ Map Link ]
Avenue Balcony [ Map Link ]
Divine Bridge [ Map Link ]
Divine Tower of East Altus [ Map Link ]
Divine Tower of East Altus: Gate [ Map Link ]
East Capital Rampart [ Map Link ]
Elden Throne [ Map Link ]
Erdtree Sanctuary [ Map Link ]
Forbidden Lands [ Map Link ]
Fortified Manor, First Floor [ Map Link ]
Isolated Divine Tower [ Map Link ]
Lower Capital Church [ Map Link ]
Queen's Bedchamber [ Map Link ]
West Capital Rampart [ Map Link ]
Fractured Marika [ Map Link ]
Leyndell, Capital of Ash [ Map Link ]
Cathedral of the Forsaken [ Map Link ]
Forsaken Depths [ Map Link ]
Frenzied Flame Proscription [ Map Link ]
Leyndell Catacombs [ Map Link ]
Underground Roadside [ Map Link ]
Divine Tower of West Altus
Dominula, Windmill Village
East Windmill Pasture
Golden Lineage Evergaol
Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)
Leyndell, Royal Capital
Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)
Minor Erdtree (Capital Outskirts)
Minor Erdtree Church
Sainted Hero's Grave
Second Church of Marika
Village Windmill Pasture
West Windmill Pasture
Bernahl - Found at Volcano Manor . [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Blackguard Big Boggart - Moves to the outer moat west of the Capital Rampart after purchasing a prawn. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Bloody Finger Hunter Yura - Found in the Second Church of Marika at the end of his questline. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Boc the Seamster - Found next to the Altus Highway Junction Site of Grace. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Brother Corhyn - Can first be found north of the Altus Highway Junction Site of Grace. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Diallos - Found at Volcano Manor .
Dung Eater - His corporeal body can be found in the Subterranean-Shunning Grounds [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Goldmask - Found south of the Road of Iniquity Site of Grace. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Hermit Merchant can be found at Hermit Merchant's Shack
Millicent - Found north of the Erdtree-Gazing Hill Site of Grace. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Patches - Found at Volcano Manor . [ Elden Ring Map ]
Rya - First found at either the top of the Grand Lift of Dectus , or after exiting Lux Ruins .
Tanith - Found at Volcano Manor . [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Drawstring Fire Grease
Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot
Gold-Tinged Excrement
Holyproof Dried Liver
Invigorating White Cured Meat
Large Glintstone Scrap
Smoldering Butterfly
Somber Smithing Stone (5)
Somber Smithing Stone (6)
Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (2)
Consumables Crystal Dart Poisonbone Dart
Weapons Black Knife Bloody Helice Celebrant's Cleaver Celebrant's Rib Rake Celebrant's Sickle Celebrant's Skull Eleonora's Poleblade Falchion Godskin Peeler Great Club Marais Executioner's Sword Nagakiba Onyx Lord's Greatsword Twinned Knight Swords
Altus Plateau is a region in ELDEN RING (2022) .
The Altus Plateau is a northwestern region of the Lands Between . It is a region of great significance, for it is here that the Erdtree can be found, as well as Leyndell , the royal capital of Queen Marika . Altus borders Liurnia of the Lakes to the south, and the Forbidden Lands which lead to the Mountaintops of the Giants to the east. Due to its high elevation, Altus is connected to its neighbouring regions primarily through two lifts; the Grand Lift of Dectus to the south and the Grand Lift of Rold to the east. There is another, more dangerous path to Liurnia that goes through the mountains separating the two regions.
Altus is a lush and verdant land, once over-flowing with the bounty of the Erdtree itself. Most of the vegetation that grows in Altus is tinged with the gold of the Erdtree, and flowers that grow on the plateau are prized reagents by Perfumers. The people of the plateau believed that those born at the foot of the Erdtree, like themselves, were blessed. While still beautiful, the land is marred by scars from the Shattering , left over from the many battles waged here. The land is dotted by ruined battlefields and soldier's camps.
The western parts of Altus are mountainous and dominated by the volcanic Mt. Gelmir . At the top of the mountain lies the Volcano Manor , home to the demigod Praetor Rykard . At the foot of the mountain lies bubbling geysers as well as a village of Demihumans.
In the north of Altus, through a deep canyon, lies the Shaded Castle , ancient manor of the Marais family who served as both executioners and castellans of the Shaded Castle for generations. The castle lies in disrepair, haunted by Wraith-Callers and Revenants, and with most of its courtyard sinking into a poison swamp.
The eastern parts of Altus are dominated by Leyndell , Queen Marika's royal capital, built at the foot of the Erdtree . Two primary paths lead into the capital grounds; one from the southwest and one from the northwest. The southwestern path is the main road, a well-maintained and well-guarded highway gloriously decorated with statues of Queen Marika's soldiers. The capital grounds are defended by double ramparts. Within the outer wall, to the northeast, lies a Minor Erdtree. Just outside the outer wall, on an outcropping north of the southwestern highway, lies the Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave , final resting place of a hero who fought against the Giants.
The inner wall of the capital is surrounded by a moat, which appears to have mostly dried out, as its waters are now shallow. Within the inner walls, the Royal Capital is bounded by a lake, which serves as yet another layer of protection. The capital is ruled by the Demigod Morgott , known also as the Veiled Monarch.

---

area: Mt. Gelmir
chapter: 14
name: Mt Gelmir
Mt. Gelmir is a Location in Elden Ring . Mt. Gelmir is a volcanic region found north of Liurnia and west of Altus Plateau . The mountain proper can be accessed by either:
Reaching Altus Plateau by way of either the Ruin-Strewn Precipice or the Grand Lift of Dectus and then  heading north through the valley towards a bridge. Look to the right for a Spiritspring that will get you up to the cliffs and then cross over to the west to reach the Bridge of Iniquity site of grace. From here, continue heading west while hugging the cliffs until you see a rope ladder to reach the First Mt. Gelmir Campsite site of grace.
Do Rya 's questline, then reach Altus Plateau and meet her there. She will take you to Volcano Manor , from the manor go outside from manor's main entrance door to reach Mt. Gelmir.
Getting abducted by the Abductor Virgin at the bottom of Raya Lucaria Academy as suggested by Patches to travel to Volcano Manor , then defeating Abductor Virgins to unlock access to both Mt. Gelmir and Altus Plateau . (while it is possible to parkour your way to the entrance of the manor this way without defeating Abductor Virgins , the manor's main entrance door that connects to Mt. Gelmir is closed and cannot be opened from inside - this door is open normally if you come to the manor using the two other ways above).
Mt. Gelmir is a volcanic region west of the Altus Plateau, ruled over by the enigmatic Volcano Manor and their lord, Praetor Rykard. This region has been ravaged, and is home to many grotesque creatures.
Fragment Mt. Gelmir : Map (Mt. Gelmir) is found on a pillar in front of the Road of Iniquity Site of Grace . [ Map Link ]
Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)
Abductor Virgin. [ Map Link ]
Audience Pathway. [ Map Link ]
Bridge of Iniquity. [ Map Link ]
Craftsman's Shack [ Map Link ]
First Mt. Gelmir Campsite. [ Map Link ]
Gelmir Hero's Grave [ Map Link ]
Guest Hall. [ Map Link ]
Ninth Mt. Gelmir Campsite. [ Map Link ]
Primeval Sorcerer Azur. [ Map Link ]
Prison Town Church. [ Map Link ]
Road of Iniquity. [ Map Link ]
Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy. [ Map Link ]
Seethewater Cave [ Map Link ]
Seethewater River [ Map Link ]
Seethewater Terminus [ Map Link ]
Subterranean Inquisition Chamber [ Map Link ]
Temple of Eiglay. [ Map Link ]
Volcano Cave [ Map Link ]
Volcano Manor. [ Map Link ]
Nomadic Merchant Mt. Gelmir - found on a ledge east of Ninth Mt. Gelmir Campsite. [ Map Link ]
Primeval Sorcerer Azur - Found near the cliffs northeast of Hermit Village .
Alexander, Warrior Jar - This is his fourth location, found in a pool of lava near Fort Laiedd . Be wary of the Magma Wyrm nearby.
Bernahl - Found in the drawing room of Volcano Manor . [ Map Link ]
Diallos - Found in the drawing room of Volcano Manor .
Patches - Found by the entrance of the Volcano Manor after joining the group. [ Map Link ]
Rya - Found in the drawing room of Volcano Manor . [ Map Link ]
Tanith - Found in the lobby of Volcano Manor . [ Map Link ]
Armorer's Cookbook (7)
Rejuvinating Boluses
Silver-Pickled Fowl Foot
Smoldering Butterfly
Somber Smithing Stone [2]
Somber Smithing Stone (4)
Somber Smithing Stone [5]
Somber Smithing Stone (6)
Albinauric Bloodclot
Aspects of the Crucible: Breath
Azur's Glintstone Set
Bloodhound Knight Set
Boltdrake Talisman +1
Candletree Wooden Shield
Crimson Amber Medallion +1
Errant Sorcerer Boots
Errant Sorcerer Manchettes
Errant Sorcerer Robe
Fire Prelate Armor (Altered)
Hierodas Glintstone Crown
Inquisitor's Girandole
Kindred of Rot's Exultation
Lightning Scorpion Charm
Leyndell Soldier Set
Man-Serpent's Shield
Marionette Soldier Birdhelm
Marionette Soldier Set
Pearldrake Talisman +1
Raptor's Black Feathers
Remembrance of the Blasphemous
Scavenger's Curved Sword
Great Omenkiller Cleaver
Ancient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook (1)
Ash of War: Royal Knight's Resolve
Ash of War: Through and Through
Bloodhound Knight Floh
Depraved Perfumer Carmaan Ashes
Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (1)
Missionary's Cookbook (6)
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (21)
Prattling Pate "You're Beautiful"
Winged Misbegotten Ashes
Anastasia, Tarnished-Eater
Demi-Human Chieftain
Eleonora, Violet Bloody Finger
Giant Miranda Sprout
Lesser Bloodhound Knight
Lesser Cemetery Shade
Lesser Mad Pumpkin Head
Leyndell Foot Soldier
Abductor Virgins (Duo)
Demi-Human Queen Margot
Demi-Human Queen Maggie
Full-Grown Fallingstar Beast
God-Devouring Serpent / Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy
Kindred of Rot (Duo)
Red Wolf of the Champion
Ulcerated Tree Spirit
How to get to Volcano Manor (and collect the Map Fragment for Mt. Gelmir) from Altus Plateau
Mt. Gelmir, which houses the Volcano Manor at its summit, is characterized by sheer cliffs and ominous skies. These qualities only became more pronounced after the Shattering.
- Map Mt. Gelmir — ELDEN RING (2022)
Mt. Gelmir is a sub-region located in Altus Plateau .
Mt. Gelmir is a volcano in western Altus Plateau , home to the Volcano Manor at its summit. It is known for its sheer cliffs and ominous skies, qualities which grew more pronounced in the wake of The Shattering . [ 1 ]
Mt. Gelmir can be accessed either via the Road of Iniquity in northern Altus or the Seethewater Terminus to the west of Wyndham . The Seethewater River runs along the base of the volcano, with geysers that spew jets of boiling water. The river terminates on the west side, near Fort Laiedd where the forces of Leyndell are locked in conflict with the Fire Monks . The Hermit Village , inhabited by Demi-Humans and Glintstone Sorcerers , sits on the south-eastern edge of the volcano. Primeval Sorcerer Azur , one of the founding Glintstone Sorcerers, settled near the village after his banishment from the Academy of Raya Lucaria .
Mt. Gelmir was the location of Leyndell's Assault on Volcano Manor, said to have been the most appalling battle in the Shattering . [ 2 ] The assault has left Mt. Gelmir scarred; ruined campsites and strung-up bodies litter the cliff sides. Some Leyndell Soldiers remain, driven to frenzy by the horrors of battle.
Atop Mt. Gelmir lies Volcano Manor, home to the Demigod Praetor Rykard , and, at one point, his company of inquisitors. After the Elden Ring was broken, Rykard fed himself to the blasphemous serpent , Great Rune and all, in defiance of the gods. His knights abandoned him when his noble ambitions were reduced to gluttony and depravity, yet his consort, Tanith , remained by his side. Rykard is now served by the Recusants; a band of Tarnished who hunt their own kind.
↑ Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing: "The volcano, Mt. Gelmir, lies in the west of the Altus Plateau; the realm of the Erdtree. It was the stage of the most appalling battle in the entirety of the Shattering."

---

area: Leyndell Royal Capital
chapter: 15
name: Leyndell Royal Capital
Leyndell, Royal Capital is a Location in Elden Ring . The Leyndell, Royal Capital northeastern gate is accessible to players who have gathered two Great Runes , but cannot be accessed without visiting the Roundtable Hold.  For a detailed walkthrough, please visit the walkthrough page for Leyndell, Royal Capital Legacy Dungeon.
The Capital City, located at the foot of the Erdtree. Despite being partially destroyed by the dragon Gransax, it still holds strong to this day. It houses many strong foes, along with the mysterious Veiled Monarch, Morgott.
Map (Leyndell, Royal Capital) : Found past the western gate of the Capital Outskirts , near a Phantom Tree. [ Map link ]
Avenue Balcony [ Map Link ]
Cathedral of the Forsaken [ Map Link ]
Divine Bridge [ Map Link ]
East Capital Rampart [ Map Link ]
Elden Throne [ Map Link ]
Erdtree Sanctuary [ Map Link ]
Forsaken Depths [ Map Link ]
Fortified Manor, First Floor [ Map Link ]
Fractured Marika [ Map Link ]
Frenzied Flame Proscription [ Map Link ]
Leyndell Catacombs [ Map Link ]
Leyndell, Ashen Capital [ Map Link ]
Lower Capital Church [ Map Link ]
Queen's Bedchamber [ Map Link ]
Underground Roadside [ Map Link ]
West Capital Rampart [ Map Link ]
Minor Erdtree Church
Divine Tower of West Altus
Subterranean Shunning-Grounds
Leyndell Colosseum (Royal Colosseum)
Boc the Seamster : Found next to the East Capital Rampart Site of Grace. [ Map Link ]
Brother Corhyn : Found on a cliff next to the capital's coliseum. [ Map Link ]
Goldmask : Found on the same cliff where Corhyn can be found. [ Map Link ]
Dung Eater : Found in a jail cell underground in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds . [ Map Link ]
Blackguard Big Boggart : Found next to the moat west of the Capital Ramparts. [ Map Link ]
x2 Lightningproof Dried Liver
x3 Nascent Butterfly
Smoldering Butterfly
x1 Smithing Stone (4)
x2 Smithing Stone (5)
x5 Smithing Stone (6)
x3 Somber Smithing Stone (5)
Weapons Black Bow * Bolt of Gransax * Cane Sword Coded Sword * Dragon Greatclaw Erdtree Bow Erdsteel Dagger * Golden Order Seal Gravel Stone Seal * Hammer * Red Branch Shortbow * Star Fist Battle Hammer * Duelist Greataxe * Gargoyle's Halberd *
Red Branch Shortbow *
Gargoyle's Halberd *
Armor Alberich's Set * Black Dumpling Blackguard's Iron Mask Commoner's Garb Commoner's Headband (Altered) Commoner's Shoes Deathbed Dress * Duelist Set * Guardian Set Guilty Hood * High Page Set * Imp Head (Corpse) * Leather-Draped Tabard * Leyndell Knight Set Leyndell Soldier Set Lionel's Set * Omensmirk Mask * Page Set * Perfumer Set Prophet Set Raging Wolf Set * Upper-Class Robe * Guardian Garb (Full Bloom) *
Blackguard's Iron Mask
Commoner's Headband (Altered)
Leather-Draped Tabard *
Leyndell Soldier Set
Guardian Garb (Full Bloom) *
Shields Dragonclaw Shield
Talismans Flamedrake Talisman +1 Ritual Shield Talisman
Flamedrake Talisman +1
Ritual Shield Talisman
Incantations Barrier of Gold *
Key Items Cracked Pot * Flightless Bird Painting * Perfume Bottle * Sanctified Whetblade * Stonesword Key Talisman Pouch
Flightless Bird Painting *
Sanctified Whetblade *
Ashes of War Ash of War: Prayerful Strike Ash of War: Thunderbolt *
Ash of War: Prayerful Strike
Ash of War: Thunderbolt *
Spellbooks Golden Order Principia Two Fingers' Prayerbook *
Golden Order Principia
Two Fingers' Prayerbook *
Gestures By My Sword *
*: Indicates that the item is unobtainable in Leyndell after defeating Maliketh, The Black Blade . Some of these items can be obtained elsewhere, though.
Albinauric (Black Dumpling)
Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm
Giant Miranda Sprout
Lesser Fingercreeper
Vargram the Raging Wolf
Draconic Tree Sentinel
Crucible Tree Knight
Ulcerated Tree Spirit
Black Knife Assassin
Godfrey, First Elden Lord (Golden Shade)
Morgott, the Omen King
Esgar, Priest of Blood
Via Altus Plateau (fastest method)
First, you can get to the Altus Plateau via the Grand Lift of Dectus which is found in the extreme North of Liurnia of the Lakes . However, on your first visit, the lift is sealed by four Guardian Statues. It requires a special artifact in order to activate. This artifact is the Dectus Medallion which is made up of two halves found in separate locations. The Dectus Medallion (Left) can be found in Mistwood , inside a chest atop the tallest tower in Fort Haight to the east. [ Map Link ] The Dectus Medallion (Right) can be found in Dragonbarrow , inside a chest atop the eastern tower in Fort Faroth to the east. [ Map Link ] Once both halves are obtained, approach the platform once more to hoist the whole medallion and raise the lift, taking you to the Altus Plateau and the Capital will be just Northeast from here.
The Altus Plateau can also be reached via the Ruin-Strewn Precipice , within a valley to the west of the Grand Lift of Dectus. Players will have to fight the dungeon's boss, Magma Wyrm Makar , in order to reach the elevator that will take them up to the western part of the Altus Plateau.
A third way to reach the Altus Plateau is to be abducted by the Abductor Virgin at the bottom of Raya Lucaria Academy (beneath the waterwheel). This transports you to a secluded region of the Volcano Manor , but requires you to defeat two Abductor Virgins in a relatively small arena in order to let you access Altus.
The Leyndell, Royal Capital northeastern gate is accessible to players who have gathered two Great Runes, but cannot be accessed without visiting the Roundtable Hold . You can begin entry through the sides of the capital walls from the East Capital Rampart Site of Grace [ Map Coordinates Here ]. This is where you can begin your adventure through the Leyndell Royal Capital Legacy dungeon. For a Step by Step guide on how to thoroughly explore the capital, view the Leyndell Royal Capital (Legacy Dungeon) guide which guides you through the castle areas, Enemies and Bosses found in the Capital
Via Deeproot Depths (long method)
A longer method of reaching the Leyndell Royal Capital can be performed by progressing through Fia 's questline. Follow Fia's quest until she leaves the Roundtable Hold, which will occur after she kills D, Hunter of the Dead after giving him the Weathered Dagger . This will require players to have defeated at least two Shardbearers or reached the Altus Plateau to initiate the Radahn Festival in Caelid . If players have not already done so, defeat Starscourge Radahn in order to open up Nokron, Eternal City . Descend into Nokron and head to the Siofra Aqueduct to the east. Defeat the Valiant Gargoyle & Valiant Gargoyle (Twinblade) boss in the area, then use the coffin by the waterfall to the north of the boss arena, which will transport the player into the Deeproot Depths . Proceed through the Deeproot Depths going north towards the Nameless Eternal City, then climb up the roots until the Across the Roots Site of Grace is reached. Enter the large arena directly beside the Site of Grace, and head over to the rotting corpse to the north. A fight against Fia's champions will ensue, defeat them in order to gain access to the teleporter beside Fia. The teleporter will take players directly to the chapel beside the East Capital Ramparts inside Leyndell.
Follow Fia's quest until she leaves the Roundtable Hold, which will occur after she kills D, Hunter of the Dead after giving him the Weathered Dagger . This will require players to have defeated at least two Shardbearers or reached the Altus Plateau to initiate the Radahn Festival in Caelid .
If players have not already done so, defeat Starscourge Radahn in order to open up Nokron, Eternal City . Descend into Nokron and head to the Siofra Aqueduct to the east. Defeat the Valiant Gargoyle & Valiant Gargoyle (Twinblade) boss in the area, then use the coffin by the waterfall to the north of the boss arena, which will transport the player into the Deeproot Depths .
Proceed through the Deeproot Depths going north towards the Nameless Eternal City, then climb up the roots until the Across the Roots Site of Grace is reached. Enter the large arena directly beside the Site of Grace, and head over to the rotting corpse to the north. A fight against Fia's champions will ensue, defeat them in order to gain access to the teleporter beside Fia. The teleporter will take players directly to the chapel beside the East Capital Ramparts inside Leyndell.
The only advantage to taking the longer route is bypassing the need to go to Altus Plateau (if players choose to defeat Godrick the Grafted and Rennala Queen of the Full Moon to unlock the Radahn Festival) and avoiding the fight against the Draconic Tree Sentinel guarding the capital.
The teleporter in the Deeproot Depths leading to Leyndell will be sealed if players have already defeated Maliketh, the Black Blade .
Tower of Return (exploit method)
An alternative way to gain access to the capital involves using Multiplayer Items in order to sequence break and thus get into the capital extremely early and without having to defeat any main bosses; this might not be intended by the developers - however as of the latest patch (1.09.1) this method still works. You will need to have access to both the Taunter's Tongue (gained by defeating Mad Tongue Alberich in the round table hold) and the White Cipher Ring (purchased from the Twin Maiden Husks).
Go the the Tower of Return [ Map Link ], located on the Weeping Peninsula in Limgrave . At the top of the tower is a trapped chest that will transport you close to the Divine Bridge site of grace. [ Map Link ]
Once here, to the North-west (away from the Golem) there is an elevator and a lever that you cannot activate. However, using a Furlcalling Finger Remedy and the Taunter's Tongue in order to lure invaders - while also having the White Cipher Ring active - will allow either an invader or a hunter to activate the elevator from the bottom of the shaft. Once activated you can take it down or use the lever to call it up as normal.
The best place to stand while waiting to be invaded is right on the wooden platform that juts out over the shaft. Bloody Fingers and Recusants may still spawn on the bridge itself, however hunters are likely to then spawn below and be able to use the elevator to get to the Divine Bridge site of grace area. (Throwing an item such as a Glowstone or Rainbow Stone from the top of the shaft can help get the attention of anyone that might be having a hard time figuring out that they need to use the elevator to get to you.)
Note that as this seems to not be an intended method of gaining access to the capital, after using this method you cannot exit the capital through the side-entrance near the  guarded by the Draconic Tree Sentinel . The back of the fog wall will be visible and you won't be able to move through it or activate it to exit the capital in this way.
Leyndell, Royal Capital Notes & Tips go here
Journey to the capital Leyndell, to the east of the Altus Plateau, at the foot of the Erdtree. The Two Fingers will deny your passage no longer. You may be our best hope. Find your way to the Elden Ring.
Leyndell, Royal Capital is a legacy dungeon and region on the Altus Plateau .
2 History 2.1 War Against the Ancient Dragons 2.2 The Shattering
2.1 War Against the Ancient Dragons
3 Landmarks and Dungeons
5 Encounters 5.1 NPCs 5.2 Bosses 5.3 Enemies
6 Notable Loot 6.1 Key Items 6.2 Ashes of War 6.3 Spellbooks 6.4 Gestures 6.5 Armaments 6.6 Armor 6.7 Talismans 6.8 Incantations 6.9 Bolstering Materials
6.9 Bolstering Materials
The golden city at the foot of the Erdtree . Leyndell is the capital of the empire of the Golden Order . It is enclosed by double ramparts, with the city proper contained within the inner wall. To this day, the inner wall has never been breached. [ 1 ] The current lord of Leyndell is Morgott , the Veiled Monarch, a Demigod of the Golden Lineage who took it upon himself to become the Erdtree's protector despite being born a graceless Omen . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Despite the decline of the Lands Between since the Shattering , Leyndell remains heavily fortified and armed to the teeth with knights, soldiers, and siege equipment.
The Fortified Manor , in the south-western portion of the city, is a perfect likeness of the Roundtable Hold . Unlike the Hold, where Tarnished champions gather, the Manor sits abandoned.
Far below the city is the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds , a network of sewers and waterways inhabited by Omens . The Leyndell Catacombs also branch off from this underground realm. Even further below lies the Cathedral of the Forsaken, where a tribe of nomadic merchants were entombed so as to bury the maddening disease that followed them. [ 5 ] In their underground prison they chanted a curse of despair, summoning the Flame of Frenzy. [ 6 ]
The Elden Throne sits beneath the Erdtree in the southeastern area of the city. It is here that Morgott stands guard, determined to protect the Erdtree from would-be champions.
Long ago, the city was assaulted by the colossal Ancient Dragon Gransax - the only time in recorded history that Leyndell's walls have fallen. This marked the dawn of the war against the Ancient Dragons. [ 7 ] The war came to an end when Godwyn the Golden befriended the dread Fortissax , an event which gave rise to the capital's Ancient Dragon Cult. [ 8 ] [ 9 ] Gransax's corpse has become a landmark itself, towering over the city to this day.
In the waning days of the age of plenty, the Black Knife Assassins entered Leyndell and murdered Godwyn on the Night of Black Knives . [ 10 ] The assassination became the catalyst for the war of the Shattering after God-Queen Marika destroyed the Elden Ring. [ 11 ]
Post-Shattering, Leyndell came under assault at least twice. In the First Defense of Leyndell, a bloody conspiracy led to the deterioration of a sovereign alliance and an assault on the city. [ 12 ] Among the attackers was Godefroy the Grafted , who was captured and imprisoned in the Golden Lineage Evergaol as a result.
The Second Defense of Leyndell is not well-documented, but it is understood that Morgott slew many foes and ultimately fended off General Radahn .
Leyndell made use of chemical weaponry in its defense with perfume-filled artillery. These mortars would pierce the ground and release toxic, explosive fumes crafted by the Capital Perfumers . [ 13 ]
Godfrey, First Elden Lord
Leyndell Foot Soldier
Black Dumpling Albinauric
Sanctified Whetblade
Flightless Bird Painting
Ash of War: Thunderbolt
Two Fingers' Prayerbook
Omensmirk Mask (Dropped by an Omenkiller outside the Lower Capital Church )
Raging Wolf Set (Dropped by Vargram the Raging Wolf )
Smithing Stone [5] x2
Smithing Stone [6] x5
Somber Smithing Stone [5] x3

---

area: Mountaintops of the Giants
chapter: 21
name: Mountaintops of the Giants
Mountaintops of the Giants is a Location in Elden Ring . The Mountaintops of the Giants region is located at the very north-east of The Lands Between, and showcases the powerful devastation that overcame the Giants who used to dwell here.
The fabled domain of the Giants, now in ruins. Devasted after their war against the Erdtree, their corpses lay frozen at the peak, with only the Fire Monks residing close by.
Map Mountaintops of the Giants, West : As you leave the Grand Lift of Rold , take the path forward until you reach a stone monument on your right, interact with it to obtain the map Fragment. Elden Ring Map here
Map (Mountaintops of The Giants, East) : Can be found past the Freezing Lake, south from it there's an enemy encampment. You can pass it mounted, until you arrive at the chain, keep going through it and and the other side you will find the altar that contains the map fragment. Elden Ring Map here
Ancient Snow Valley Ruins [ Map Link ]
Castle Sol Rooftop [ Map Link ]
Castle Sol Main Gate [ Map Link ]
Church of Repose [ Map Link ]
Church of the Eclipse [ Map Link ]
Fire Giant [ Map Link ]
First Church of Marika [ Map Link ]
Foot of the Forge [ Map Link ]
Forge of the Giants [ Map Link ]
Freezing Lake [ Map Link ]
Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave [ Map Link ]
Giants' Gravepost [ Map Link ]
Giants' Mountaintop Catacombs [ Map Link ]
Snow Valley Ruins Overlook [ Map Link ]
Spiritcaller Cave [ Map Link ]
Whiteridge Road [ Map Link ]
Zamor Ruins [ Map Link ]
Church of Repose . [ Elden Ring Map here ]
First Church of Marika
Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave
Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)
Giants' Mountaintop Catacombs
Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs
Lord Contender's Evergaol
Brother Corhyn - Found on the bridge south of the Stargazers' Ruins . [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Goldmask - Found next to Corhyn south of the Stargazer's Ruins.
Hermit Merchant Mountaintops East - Hermit Merchant can be found in the Mountaintops of the Giants, south of Stargazer's Ruins.   [Elden Ring Map Link ]
Melina - Shares unknown lore on Queen Marika. She manifests when resting at the Site of Grace in the center of First Church of Marika .
Millicent - Found next to the Ancient Snow Valley Ruins Site of Grace. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Finger Reader Crone - Can be found at the base of the Grand Lift of Rold
Shabriri - Found near the beginning of the area, he talks about an "alternative and more righteous" way to attain Lordship.
Drawstring Holy Grease
Invigorating Cured Meat
Invigorating White Cured Meat
Smoldering Butterfly
Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Great Grave Glovewort
Somber Smithing Stone (7)
Somber Smithing Stone (8)
Consumables Fan Daggers Fire Grease Freezing Grease
Weapons Cranial Vessel Candlestand Eclipse Shotel Giant's Seal Rivers of Blood Veteran's Prosthesis Zamor Curved Sword
Cranial Vessel Candlestand
Veteran's Prosthesis
Armor Banished Knight Set Exile Set Fingerprint Set Fire Monk Set Fire Prelate Set Greathood Hoslow's Set Official's Attire Okina Mask Ronin's Set Marionette Soldier Birdhelm Marionette Soldier Set Traveling Maiden Set Vagabond Knight Set White Reed Set Zamor Set
Marionette Soldier Birdhelm
Marionette Soldier Set
Traveling Maiden Set
Shields One-Eyed Shield
Talismans Cerulean Amber Medallion +1 Godskin Swaddling Cloth Primal Glintstone Blade
Cerulean Amber Medallion +1
Godskin Swaddling Cloth
Primal Glintstone Blade
Incantations Flame Protect Me Vyke's Dragonbolt
Sorceries Founding Rain of Stars Zamor Ice Storm (Spell)
Founding Rain of Stars
Zamor Ice Storm (Spell)
Multiplayer Items Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Spirit Ashes Fire Monk Ashes
Crystal Tears Crimsonwhorl Bubbletear
Crimsonwhorl Bubbletear
Key Items Deathroot Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (2) Map (Mountaintops of The Giants, East) Remembrance of the Fire Giant Ritual Pot Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing [3] Sorcerer Painting Stonesword Key
Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left)
Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (2)
Map (Mountaintops of The Giants, East)
Remembrance of the Fire Giant
Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing [3]
Ashes of War Ash of War: Prelate's Charge Ash of War: Seppuku Ash of War: Troll's Roar
Ash of War: Prelate's Charge
Ash of War: Troll's Roar
Spellbooks Giant's Prayerbook
Abnormal Stone Cluster
Lesser Demi-Human Chief
Giant Miranda Sprout
Lesser Spirit-Caller Snail
Lesser Burial Watchdog
Lesser Fingercreeper
Ancient Hero of Zamor (Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave)
Borealis the Freezing Fog
Chief Guardian Arghanthy
Godskin Apostle & Godskin Noble
Roundtable Knight Vyke
Valley of the Giants also known as the Mountaintops of the Giants is located at the very north-east of The Lands Between map. Players need to access the Grand Lift of Rold with the required parts to operate it in order to use it as a lift to the Mountaintops. This lift takes you to two different locations depending on the Medallion you've selected. This could take you to the Mountaintops of the Giants or Consecrated Snowfield which is a secret area on the lower plains of the Mountaintops of the Giants , that can only be accessed through this lift by collecting both parts of the Haligtree Secret Medallion .
To take the Grand Lift of Rold to the Mountaintops of the Giants you will need the Rold Medallion . This item is given by Melina after you defeat Morgott, The Omen King . Talk to her in the Site of Grace on the battlefield, after failing to enter the Erdtree. Once you do, she will give it to you. [ Map Link ] This area will not be accessible before this progress point.
Location: Grand Lift of Rold
Items Required: Rold Medallion
Mountaintops of the Giants is a region in ELDEN RING (2022) .
The northern Mountaintops were once the home of the Fire Giants, after they claimed them from the ice dragons. At the birth of the Erdtree , the forces of Queen Marika the Eternal and Godfrey, First Elden Lord marched up the mountain and put the Giants to the sword. With the Giants defeated, the Flame of Ruin was confined within the Giants' Forge atop the mount, and the Age of the Erdtree began.
The Fire Monks , who were left behind to watch over the Flame of Ruin, can be found patrolling the region. They are often accompanied by the Guilty : thorn sorcerers who were banished to the north. Their fortress, the Guardians' Garrison , sits on the eastern side of the mountain.
The Zamor Ruins in the south-west are the home of an ancient clan of Zamor Warriors. They were ancient enemies of the Fire Giants, and are regarded as heroes due to their actions in the War Against the Giants .
The Mountaintops were also home to the astrologers, neighbours of the Giants and predecessors to the modern Glintstone Sorcerers . The ruins of their civilisation can be found in the central Mountaintops.
The northernmost section of the Mountaintops is dominated by Castle Sol , where the site of an eclipse once inspired dreadful awe. Half of a medallion that will grant access to Miquella's Haligtree can be found here, protected by Commander Niall .
The medallion can be used at the Grand Lift of Rold to gain access to the Consecrated Snowfield, which sprawls to the west of the Mountaintops. The Albinaurics , and others who revere Miquella , seek this sacred land in the hopes of earning the Empyrean 's favour. Ordina, Liturgical Town is the final stop on the way to the Haligtree, and is home to the spirits of several Albinauric women.
Consecrated Snowfield
Night's Cavalry (Glaive) (Forbidden Lands)
Black Blade Kindred (Forbidden Lands)
Tibia Mariner (Mountaintops of the Giants)
Death Rite Bird (Mountaintops of the Giants)
Erdtree Avatar (Mountaintops of the Giants)
Night's Cavalry (Flail) (Consecrated Snowfield)
Night's Cavalry (Glaive) (Consecrated Snowfield)
Great Wyrm Theodorix
Putrid Avatar (Consecrated Snowfield)
Death Rite Bird (Consecrated Snowfield)
Finger Reader Crone (Forbidden Lands)
Hermit Merchant (Mountaintops of the Giants)
Ghost (Church of the Eclipse)
Ghost (Castle Sol Rooftop)
Ghost (South Consecrated Snowfield)
Ghost (Inner Consecrated Snowfield)
Ghost (Ordina, Liturgical Town)
Latenna the Albinauric
Phillia, Towering Little Sister
Viewpoint over the area from the forge.

---

area: Elphael
chapter: 28
name: Miquella's Haligtree
Miquella's Haligtree is a Legacy Dungeon in Elden Ring . Miquella's Haligtree is found far to the north of the Consecrated Snowfield and the entire Lands Between. You'll find yourself on the canopy of a great branching tree, fighting against deadly foes. If you're looking for the castle area situated within Miquella's Haligtree , visit Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree . [ Elden Ring Map here ]
Previous: Crumbling Farum Azula
Next: Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree
Recommended Levels: 110+
Bosses: Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree
Site of Grace: Haligtree Canopy [ Elden Ring Map Link ] Haligtree Promenade [ Elden Ring Map Link ] Haligtree Town [ Elden Ring Map Link ] Haligtree Town Plaza [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree
Pearldrake Talisman +2
Viridian Amber Medallion +2
1x Dappled Cured Meat
1x Preserving Boluses
Haligtree Foot Soldier Set
Haligtree Knight Set
6x Aeonian Butterfly
2x Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
1x Lost Ashes of War
2x Smithing Stone (6)
1x Smithing Stone (7)
2x Smithing Stone (8)
1x Somber Smithing Stone (8)
1x Somber Smithing Stone (9)
Iron Cleaver (Misbegotten)
Iron Greatsword (Leonine Misbegotten)
Grave Glovewort (1) (Lesser Spirit-Calling Snail)
Somber Smithing Stone (7) (Battlemage)
Loretta's Mastery (Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree)
Loretta's War Sickle (Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree)
Envoy's Greathorn (Giant Oracle Envoy)
Prattling Pate "My Beloved"
Giant Miranda Sprout
Lesser Spirit-Caller Snail
Important Discoveries
Do the puzzle at Ordina, Liturgical Town to reach the Haligtree
Be careful of the Oracle Envoys up in the canopy
There are two Stonesword Keys here to collect if you fancy
Defeat the Giant Oracle Envoy
Grab the Lost Ashes of War and the Oracle Envoy Ashes
Reach Miquella's Haligtree Town
Collect the Pearldrake Talisman +2 and Viridian Amber Medallion +2
Grab the Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone from under a large Misbegotten
Defeat Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree
Miquella's Haligtree is accessed by completing the evergaol candle puzzle located at the Ordina Liturgical Town to be able to go through the Waygate that leads to the Haligtree. Map Link . You can find the solution to the puzzle on the town's page.
You have to be incredibly careful when traversing Miquella’s Haligtree. The enemies here have good range and any misstep, poor jump, or even a simple knockback from an enemy can send you falling off the tree and to your doom. Having ranged attacks and skills helps immensely for this area, and holy damage negation is great for weathering the projectiles. After arriving at Miquella’s Haligtree, immediately turn around. You’ll find a corpse sitting at the branch’s tip that has a Stonesword Key on them. Turn back around and move forward to get to a Site of Grace.
Starting at the site of grace, face North. On the right, you'll see a ladder with a enclosed gazebo on the left of it. The next site of grace is in that gazebo, so your goal is to proceed through the treetops until you reach the ladder and climb down. (See first image below)
Look east and you'll find three Oracle Envoys at different levels of the branch's edge that you can sneak up to and knock off the tree. At the first Oracle Envoy, you can turn right and follow the branch to get to a corpse that has three Sacramental Buds . After knocking off the third Oracle Envoy, look eastward and jump down to the branch close to you. Ahead, is a Large Oracle Envoy. He will knock you off, so quickly close the distance and prevent him from attacking by staggering him out of his attacks. You'll find a corpse with a Golden Rune (10) right where he was standing.
Turn left and follow the branch northeast. You'll see three Oracle Envoys on the branch above and one patrolling the one you are currently on. If you can snipe them from far away, for example with Loretta's Greatbow , it will help you navigate this area. Otherwise, sneak forward and jump down to the wide tree branch to your southeast that's patrolled by Giant Ants . If you get spotted at this point, the Oracle Envoys will spit bubbles that can 2-hit you. Facing south, looking towards where this wide branch splits, head up the left side to get out of their range. There's a Large Oracle Envoy here that, as long as you don't attack, will not notice you. You can safely deal with any Giant Ants you've alerted here and pick up a Golden Rune (10) on a corpse. You'll be able to spot an item in the east, but we'll grab that when it's safer.
Once that's all dealt with, you can go back to where this branch splits and instead go up the right side where you'll find a corpse with a Dappled Cured Meat . Head back down the branch facing north, and take the first right. This branch leads up to where those three Oracle Envoys were sniping you from. You can now close the gap and defeat these enemies, making navigating this part of the haligtree safer.
Backtrack to the left split of the branch where you found the Golden Rune (10) and when facing south, take the left detour branch towards where the item we saw earlier is. If you have any ranged attacks, it's worth taking care of the Oracle Envoy and the Giant Poison Flower here as their attacks can knock you off of this thin branch. Follow this branch and when you get to the end, turn north-east and jump down to the closest branch. Follow this branch around and you'll reach that corpse you saw at the tip of the branch containing a Stonesword Key . Other items you can find on your way include two Aeonian Butterflies , a Preserving Boluses , and three Fire Grease .
Navigate your way back to the thick branch where the Giant Ants were found. Facing north, continue making your way down the branch finding four Warming Stones on a corpse lying on some mushrooms. If you turn around and go up the thinner branch to the right, you'll find the Prattling Pate "My Beloved" . From the corpse with the Warming Stones, you should be able to see a Giant Oracle Envoy in the far distance. Get ready to make a break for him because he will spot you from a mile away, and he will shoot 5 homing bubbles at a time to destroy you. From the corpse, you can sneak towards the first set of large pink mushrooms you see on your right. If you look down you'll be able to see a thin branch you can jump down to.
After jumping down, sneaking will no longer help you as the Oracle Envoy should have spotted you. Turn left at the juncture and follow the path of the branch, rolling past the Poison Flowers and dodging the incoming bubbles, until you get to the Oracle Envoy. Because of how the branches are formed and sloped, you can angle yourself to where he shoots his bubbles at the floor and attack him during his downtime. If you're walking up at him to deal melee attacks, be particularly careful of when he jumps up and slams the ground as this move can potentially knock you off of the tree.
After you've defeated him, turn around and look for a branch going upwards. You'll see two Oracle Envoys, a Large Envoy, and a Giant one all with their backs turned. Carefully pick them off, then at the top of this branch, you can collect the Oracle Envoy Ashes . Turn back, follow the branch southwest where you'll find a corpse on the platform that has a Lost Ashes of War . You can now backtrack to the thick branch where there are two corpses with items under the branch he was standing on, one of which contains ten Flaming Bolts and another with a Numen's Rune . Continue facing north and making your way down the branch and you'll get to a platform with a ladder going down. After heading down the ladder, you'll find a non-functioning lever to the right. This will be used for a shortcut that links to the end of this area. Continue forward and you'll find the Haligtree Town Site of Grace.
From this point on, navigating the tree is less dangerous, but do note that falling off the platforms and buildings into the void is still fatal. As you make your way down the steps ahead, a Misbegotten will come rushing at you. Another two can be found distracted on the next platform. Note that failing to backstab the closest distracted Misbegotten will attract the attention of a more powerful one on the platform above you, and they will jump down and attack. From here there are two ways forward - up the ladder or further down the steps.
Note that from the ladder, if you look off to the West, you can see the next site of grace.
Head up the ladder first, where you'll find a Misbegotten ravaging a corpse. To the right, you'll see three scarlet rot zombies peering over the edge. It doesn't seem that any of these enemies will notice you until you attack them, so dispose of them however you please. The body here has two Rot Grease on it and if you turn to face where the zombies were facing earlier, you'll see another platform with an item guarded by a Leonine Misbegotten (provided you didn't aggro it from below). The item here is a Pearldrake Talisman +2 and once you've grabbed it, head back down the ladder.
Continue down the stairs where you'll see some Misbegotten seemingly praying to the skies. Beware of the zombie ambush when you reach the base of the stairs though. Head through the building to the right, again being careful of a zombie ambush as you approach the building, and you'll see an item on a corpse right ahead. Before picking it up, take care of the axe-wielding Misbegotten around the corner, or it'll charge you while you're trying to loot. Once you've looted the corpse for a Smithing Stone [8] , continue heading down the steps where you'll find another two Misbegotten and a corpse with six Hefty Beast Bones on it. You can also choose to jump down from where the zombie waiting to ambush you were to the lower floor of the building, skipping the zombie group and the axe-wielding Misbegotten on the top floor. Before you leave through the gaping hole in the building, head out the southern door, where you'll get to a ledge with a Golden Rune [13] on a corpse.
Back through the destroyed wall, there's a ladder going down. If you have any ranged attacks, you might want to get rid of the Giant Poison Flower you can see from the top of the ladder because once you descend it, you'll find that there are two Giant Poison Flowers here sitting next to each other. Alternatively , you can jump across to the platform with a ladder going up to the right and a wooden bridge to the left. If you decided to go down and kill the flowers, head up the ladder that used to be behind the rightmost flower, and head in the building to your left through the open window. If you turn to face the southeast, you'll see the aforementioned bridge, with a corpse holding five Fire Grease , connecting this building to a platform with the ladder going up. There isn't much at the top besides a hoard of zombies that you can farm, so once you've taken the item off of the corpse, turn around and head back to where you came from.
After emerging from the building, you'll see a large Misbegotten standing guard in front of a statue. Be careful as you exit the building, because two other misbegottens will ambush you, alerting the large enemy. You can back up in the building to manage the fight better. Defeat the group of enemies and grab the Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone in front of the statue.
If you're finding this to be difficult and far away from a site of grace; while dodging enemies, you can run out the building, into the next building to the west/southwest, run straight out of this building, turn south to find a wooden bridge, run across the bridge to the Haligtree Town Plaza Site site of grace. Backtrack to gather the following items.
Enter the doorway into the building in the west/southwest. In this building, you can go either straight ahead or to the left. To the left, you'll find a corpse (guarded by enemies) hanging off the ledge with a Somber Smithing Stone [8] on it, be mindful of the ambushing zombies and a misbegotten enemy. Straight ahead, you'll cross a bridge that takes you to the Haligtree Town Plaza Site of Grace and a Golden Rune [12] .
Facing south, jump down to the roof of the building and collect the Smithing Stone [6] from the corpse, then turn around to go to the branch with the Giant Ants protecting a corpse with four Aeonian Butterflies on it. Turn back toward the building on the roof you jumped off, and head inside. There'll be three scarlet rot zombies and a corpse holding a Somber Smithing Stone [9] .
When you emerge from the building, turn hard right and defeat the Lesser Spirit-Caller Snail here. There's another snail straight ahead from the building and another to the right of that snail, hiding in the corner of the roof. You'll want to have them defeated before doing this next part. After looting the Golden Rune [10] off of the corpse here, face southeast and head to the tip of the roof. The jump onto the other roof is difficult but manageable. If you, however, can't make the jump, you will still survive by simply landing on the platform the building is standing on.
If you jumped onto the platform, head up the ladder, be careful of the zombie that may ambush you as you approach it, and take the zombies up here out to grab the Smithing Stone [6] . Taking a ladder behind (north), you will reach a roof you intended to jump onto. Now jump to the roof to southwest direction. Facing north, you will see a room slightly below the roof you are standing. This will net you Viridian Amber Medallion +2, found in a chest.
Jump back to the platform and this time head down the ladder to the east, where you'll find you can continue east, or go west. Through the western doorway is a corpse with a Sacramental Bud and a Crimson Teardrop Scarab each guarded by a large Misbegotten in their little rooms. The way forward is to the east, into the little walkway.
After defeating the two Misbegotten here, you'll find a doorway leading back outside to your left. There'll be a Battlemage just across the way inside the gazebo, and one patrolling the bridge on the right. Take these two mages out to safely cross the bridges. In front of the gazebo, you can loot a Smithing Stone [7] from the corpse, and inside you'll find a Smithing Stone [8] . If you turn around to face the bridge you just came from, you'll see two other bridges on either side. Up the leftmost bridge is a gazebo with a Hero's Rune [4] on a corpse. When you've grabbed that, cross the rightmost bridge and take the lift up. This takes you back to the Haligtree Town Site of Grace and activates the shortcut here.
After activating that, and resting at the Site of Grace if needed, head back to the gazebo through the shortcut and you'll be able to sneak past the Battlemages this time if they're back. Cross the northeastern bridge to get to a large, open courtyard.
When you walk into the courtyard, Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree spawns at the far end. This fight is relatively straightforward, with easy-to-read, telegraphed movements and attacks. Her biggest strength is her mobility on her horse, allowing her to close the distance between her and ranged or magic users. This boss fight is made even easier when fighting with any Spirit Ash to distract her from you. The biggest skill to look out for is Loretta's Greatbow , where she channels a large magic greatbow to shoot a powerful homing shot at you. This skill gets upgraded to Loretta's Mastery when she's under 50% health, where instead of one magic bolt, she fires four. This skill has a relatively long charging time, and you'll be able to tell when she's about to cast it when she draws her halberd like a bow. When you see this happen, create distance between you and the boss, and if dodging to the side isn't working for you, try dodging into it. Other than that, dodge her attacks and hit her in between, and you'll occasionally be able to stagger her for extra hits.
Loretta's defeat nets you 200,000 Runes , Loretta's Mastery , and her weapon, Loretta's War Sickle . The Haligtree Promenade Site of Grace is also now available where she spawned.
Defeating Loretta opens up the fog door to the north. Simply follow the path down the stairs, then down the ladder. Before going into the room to the right, head up the stairs next to it, where at the top you'll find a chest with an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone . Head back down and take the lift in the room you passed by to emerge into Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree .
After reaching Miquella's Haligtree from Ordina, Liturgical Town , immediately turn around and grab the Stonesword Key off of the corpse. Turn back around and head forward to interact with a Site of Grace. Continue forward, sneaking past the three Oracle Envoys on the left. At the third Oracle Envoy, look east and jump down onto the branch. Defeat the tall Oracle Envoy here to keep him from knocking you off and collect the Golden Rune (10) from where he was standing.
Turn left and jump down to the thick branch with Giant Ants on it. Facing south, head up the left side of the thick branch to get out of the attack range of some Oracle Envoys that may be attacking you and to deal with any Giant Ants you've alerted. If you're feeling adventurous, you can run up the thin branch to the right when facing north and follow the branch left, circling until you get the Stonesword Key off of a corpse hanging off the tip of a branch.
Facing north, head down the thick branch until you get to a corpse with 4 Warming Stones lying on some large pink mushrooms. A bit forward and to the right, you'll be able to jump down to a thin branch. Follow the branch left and you'll get to a large Oracle Envoy. Defeat him and you'll be able to access a corpse slouching under a nearby statue that has a Lost Ashes of War on it.
Head back to the wide tree branch and head down it until you find a ladder. Take the ladder down and continue forward, where you'll find another Site of Grace. Continue forward and head down the stairs. Turn right to enter a building and loot the Smithing Stone (8) off of the corpse here. Continue down the stairs and head down the ladder here. Defeat the two Giant Poison Flowers here and head up the next ladder.
At the top of the ladder, steal the Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone from under the large Misbegotten and run through the doorway in the west. In the left room, you'll find a Somber Smithing Stone (8) and right ahead, you'll find the Haligtree Town Plaza Site of Grace.
From this Site of Grace, jump down to the roof in the south and collect the Smithing Stone (6) . If you jump down and into the building, you'll find a Somber Smithing Stone (9) . In the area ahead, you'll find three Lesser Spirit-Caller Snails that you should defeat. After defeating them, face southeast and head to the roof's tip, then jump down to the platform in front.
Head up the ladder here and grab the Smithing Stone (6) from the corpse. Climb down the ladder to the east then continue heading eastward. Through the building, there'll be a door to the left that opens to a bridge leading to a gazebo. Run past the Battlemages here and collect the Smithing Stones (7) & (8) on the corpses by the gazebo. Facing the bridge you just took, go up the bridge to its right and head up the lift to activate the shortcut.
Head back down the lift, then cross the northeastern bridge to get to a large open courtyard. Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree spawns here and upon defeat, drops Loretta's Mastery and Loretta's War Sickle . Interact with the Site of Grace that spawns after her defeat, and head through the doorway behind it. Follow the path and before heading down the lift, climb the stairs next to its room to grab an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone on the roof of the building. Going down the lift takes you to Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree .
Miquella's Haligtree (ミケラの聖樹, Mikera no Seiju ) is a region and legacy dungeon to the north of the Lands Between .
A holy tree created by Miquella off the northern coast of the Consecrated Snowfield .
Miquella's Haligtree is a vast, misshapen [ 1 ] tree in the far north of the Lands Between . Miquella's vision for the Haligtree was never fully realized, and even in their beauty, the town and city brace are teeming with danger.
The Haligtree consists of two sections: the upper area is home to Haligtree Town in the canopy of the tree, and the lower area houses Elphael, Brace of the Haligtree , an immense fortress. While Haligtree Town is teeming with Misbegotten , Elphael is inhabited largely by soldiers and knights who serve Miquella and Malenia.
Long ago, the Empyrean Miquella abandoned Golden Order Fundamentalism, realizing that it could not treat the rot that plagued his sister, Malenia . [ 2 ] He used his own blood to water the Haligtree from a sapling, but nevertheless it failed to grow into an Erdtree. [ 3 ]
Despite this failure, the Haligtree came to be seen as a chosen land by the Albinaurics , [ 4 ] for whom the Haligtree was identified as a safe haven by the Carian Knight Loretta . [ 5 ] In time, the Haligtree became a haven for peoples who had been rejected by society, such as the Misbegotten . Those unchosen would make the pilgrimage to the Haligtree via the Consecrated Snowfield [ 6 ] , accessible only via the Grand Lift of Rold to those in possession of a secret medallion. [ 7 ]
Miquella embedded himself within the Haligtree. However, he was abducted by Mohg [ 8 ] who wished to raise the Empyrean to godhood and become his consort. [ 9 ] Malenia, following her battle with Radahn , returned home to find her brother gone. She awaited him at the foot of the husk and, over time, the Haligtree became infested with the Scarlet Rot . [ 10 ]
Gideon Ofnir tried finding a way to the Haligtree. He sent his servants to the Village of the Albinaurics to look for the Haligtree Secret Medallion , hoping the inhabitants would harbor information or even be in possession of the medallion. The Albinauric Village was ravaged and many of its inhabitants were killed. However, old Albus - in possession of one half of the medallion - managed to hide in the likeness of a jar, and Latenna made refuge at the Slumbering Wolf's Shack . Her wolf was killed by Gideon's henchmen. One of Gideon's servants Ensha even makes an attempt on the life of the tarnished to snatch away any piece of the Medallion they might find, but his mission ends in failure.
Haligtree Foot Soldier
Malenia, Blade of Miquella
"Hālig" in Old English meant "holy" and "sacred", so the name translates to "holy-tree". [ 11 ] [ 12 ]

---

area: Weeping Peninsula
chapter: 2
name: Weeping Peninsula
Weeping Peninsula is a Location in Elden Ring . The Weeping Peninsula region is a region players can reach by heading south east from Limgrave . The Weeping Peninsula is a land with many changes in height, featuring a Minor Erdtree in its center and is constantly raining.
The peninsula, to Limgrave's south, is named for its unceasing rainfall, redolent of lament.
Fragment Weeping Peninsula : Can be found following the main road to the south at the middle of an open field so it's not hard to find it. Elden Ring Map Link . The Map (Weeping Peninsula) reveal the entire Weeping Peninsula region.
Callu Baptismal Church
Church of Pilgrimage
Demi-Human Forest Ruins
Forest Lookout Tower
Fourth Church of Marika
Isolated Merchant's Shack
Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)
Walking Mausoleum (Weeping Peninsula)
Church of Pilgrimage [ Map Link ]
Castle Morne Rampart [ Map Link ]
Tombsward [ Map Link ]
South of the Lookout Tower [ Map Link ]
Ailing Village Outskirts [ Map Link ]
Beside The Crater-Pocked Glade [ Map Link ]
Isolated Merchant's Shack [ Map Link ]
Fourth Church of Marika [ Map Link ]
Bridge of Sacrifice [ Map Link ]
Castle Morne Lift [ Map Link ]
Behind The Castle [ Map Link ]
Beside the Rampart Gaol [ Map Link ]
Morne Moangrave [ Map Link ]
Impaler's Catacombs [ Map Link ]
Tombsward Catacombs [ Map Link ]
Earthbore Cave [ Map Link ]
Tombsward Cave [ Map Link ]
Morne Tunnel [ Map Link ]
Teleporter Chest to Leyndell: Found at the top of the Tower of Return in the south. Teleports you to Leyndell, Royal Capital . [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Irina - Found just past the Bridge of Sacrifice . [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Edgar - Found at the top of Castle Morne . [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Nomadic Merchant Castle Morne Rampart - Next to the Castle Morne Rampart Site of Grace: Sells armors, arrows and other items. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Isolated Merchant found at the Isolated Merchant's Shack , southwest of Weeping Peninsula . [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Sorceress Sellen - Found in the cellar of the Witchbane Ruins . You cannot purchase sorceries from her here. [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Witch-Hunter Jerren - Found in Witchbane Ruins next to Sellen after defeating Radahn . [ Elden Ring Map Link ]
Explosive Stone Clump
Gold-Tinged Excrement
Great Dragonfly Head
Immunizing Cured Meat
Large Glintstone Scrap
Smoldering Butterfly
Tarnished Golden Sunflower
Somber Smithing Stone (1 )
Somber Smithing Stone (2)
Consumables Arrow Ballista Bolt Bolt Great Arrow Kukri Lightning Bolt Poisonbone Dart Rainbow Stone Sacrificial Twig Throwing Dagger
Weapons Banished Knight's Halberd (+8) Claymore Demi-Human Queen's Staff Grafted Blade Greatsword Hand Ballista Iron Cleaver Lordsworn's Straight Sword Morning Star Nightrider Flail Rusted Anchor Spiked Spear Steel-Wire Torch Whip Winged Scythe Zweihander
Banished Knight's Halberd (+8)
Demi-Human Queen's Staff
Grafted Blade Greatsword
Lordsworn's Straight Sword
Armor Chain-Draped Tabard Godrick Foot Soldier Set Godrick Soldier Set Guardian Set Imp Head (Cat) Iron Set Marionette Soldier Set Page Hood Pumpkin Helm
Godrick Foot Soldier Set
Marionette Soldier Set
Shields Eclipse Crest Heater Shield Flame Crest Wooden Shield Gilded Iron Shield Great Turtle Shell Shield of the Guilty
Eclipse Crest Heater Shield
Flame Crest Wooden Shield
Shield of the Guilty
Talismans Radagon's Scarseal Spelldrake Talisman Twinblade Talisman Viridian Amber Medallion
Viridian Amber Medallion
Incantations Divine Fortification Lightning Strike Poison Mist The Flame of Frenzy
Divine Fortification
Sorceries Ambush Shard Crystal Burst
Multiplayer Items Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Furlcalling Finger Remedy
Spirit Ashes Demi-Human Ashes Lhutel the Headless Warhawk Ashes
Crystal Tears Crimsonburst Crystal Tear Faith-knot Crystal tear Opaline Bubbletear
Crimsonburst Crystal Tear
Faith-knot Crystal tear
Key Items Note: Walking Mausoleum Lantern Lost Ashes of War Memory Stone Prattling Pate "Thank You" Prattling Pate "Please help" Stonesword Key
Note: Walking Mausoleum
Prattling Pate "Thank You"
Prattling Pate "Please help"
Ashes of War Ash of War: Barricade Shield Ash of War: Mighty Shot
Ash of War: Barricade Shield
Ash of War: Mighty Shot
Cookbooks Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (8) Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (9)
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (8)
Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (9)
Chanting Winged Dame
Crimson Teardrop Scarab
Lesser Alabaster Lord
Lesser Mad Pumpkin Head
School of Graven Mages
Ancient Hero of Zamor
Erdtree Burial Watchdog
Miranda the Blighted Bloom
The most obvious way to get to the Weeping Peninsula is through the Bridge of Sacrifice . From the Agheel Lake South Site of Grace, follow the brick road going south east. This path is heavily defended by soldiers along with a ballista that shoots flaming bolts. Crossing the bridge takes players to the nearby Bridge of Sacrifice Site of Grace.
A second hidden method for crossing into the Weeping Peninsula can be found in the ruins by the cliffside to the South West of the Forlorn Hound Evergaol . Drop down to the overhanging ruins, and find the platform that has three Trina's Lily growing on it. Use Torrent to double jump south across the chasm, which will take players to the area near the Demi-Human Forest Ruins .
Once you get through the initial areas past Limgrave and Stormhill then start to explore the Weeping Peninsula, players might have an invitation to the Roundtable Hold at some point once you rest at ta Site of Grace. This will take you to the hub of the the game and you can begin to introduce yourself to the characters that are stationed there at this time. If Melina has not appeared to you yet at this time you may continue to explore the areas nearby the Weeping Peninsula and you might find yourself in Caelid ,
If you're following the linear path of the game (in terms of story), by resting at the Site of Grace after defeating Margit the Fell Omen who is guarding the main gate of Stormveil Castle will have Melina appear and bring you to the Roundtable Hold . On the other hand, if you have been exploring and wandering into further regions (at some point upon accidentally reaching the region of Caelid), Melina will appear and invite you over to visit the Roundtable Hold .
Even if your interaction with Melina has not occurred yet, your next location after Stormveil Castle will be at Liurnia of the Lakes . This is part of the natural progression of the game and easily the next area because of its proximity to the Weeping Peninsula and Limgrave . It has a starting area just northwest of Limgrave .  It can be initially accessed via the passage beneath Godrick the Grafted 's throne room in Stormveil Castle , or by following a narrow cliffside path around the east edge of the castle in northern Stormhill .
Other notes and tips go here
- Map: Weeping Peninsula
The Weeping Peninsula is a sub-region of Limgrave .
3 Dungeons 3.1 Landmarks 3.2 Sites of Grace
4 Encounters 4.1 Enemies 4.2 Field Bosses 4.3 NPCs
5 Items 5.1 Crafting Materials 5.2 Notable Loot
5.1 Crafting Materials
The Weeping Peninsula is the southern-most tip of the Lands Between . The peninsula derives its name from its unceasing rainfall, giving the impression of a land in constant lament. [ 1 ] It is connected to Limgrave proper by the Bridge of Sacrifice to its north.
Castle Morne stands on the southernmost tip of the peninsula. Currently presided over by Castellan Edgar on the appointment of Godrick the Grafted , the castle was once the site of a battle between a lone hero and Godfrey, First Elden Lord . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Godrick Foot Soldier
Nomadic Merchant (Castle Morne Rampart)
Isolated Merchant (Weeping Peninsula)

---

area: Limgrave
chapter: 1
name: New Game Plus
New Game Plus , or New Game+ (NG+), also referred to in-game as beginning a new Journey , in Elden Ring is an unlockable feature upon completion of the story which allows you to begin a new playthrough while maintaining your character's Stats , level, and select pieces of Equipment . Starting a new journey resets the world state, meaning NPC questlines, story progression, and unlit Sites of Grace are reset, though your map remains revealed. In exchange for your retained power, enemies and bosses become noticeably tougher with increased health and damage, but they also yield significantly more Runes upon defeat. This difficulty scaling continues with each subsequent playthrough, eventually capping at Journey 8 (NG+7).
This page covers how to enter New Game Plus, what specific changes it brings to gameplay, and the exact equipment which carries over versus what is lost. In addition, there are community recommendations about what you may want to accomplish before officially entering your next journey.
Check our Walkthrough page for a detailed guide on reaching the end of the game.
You may also visit the Game Progress Route page for a quick overview of how to progress through the game.
Check our Endings page for the different conclusions to the game.
Shadow of the Erdtree New Game Plus Guide
Elden Ring Base Game New Game Plus Guide
What changes with New Game Plus?
New Game Plus scaling table
What happens after Journey 8 of Elden Ring?
Shadow Realm Blessings Scadutree Fragments Revered Spirit Ash
NPC questline progression
To play the Shadow of the Erdtree New Game Plus, you will need to defeat Starscourge Radahn and Mohg, Lord of Blood in the base game. Return to the Cocoon of the Empyrean and touch the hand to enter the Shadow Realm. You will need to make sure you have completed everything before you wish to start NG+.
Just like in the base game, enemies will still scale and get stronger in the Shadow Realm, so looting items and collecting Shadow Blessings might get a bit more difficult. You will keep your Shadow Blessings and also be able to collect them again in NG+. However, if you are not able to collect all of them in your first playthrough, you will still be able to find them in your NG+ playthroughs. There are 50 Scadutree Fragments with a maximum level of 20 and 25 Revered Spirit Ash with a maximum level of 10, the maximum level of your Shadow Blessings will not go higher than its current maximum level.
Fire Knight Queelign
Dragon Communion Priestess
Ancient Ruins of Rauh (5)
Stone Coffin Fissure (1)
Belurat Tower Settlement (1)
Charo's Hidden Grave (1)
Gravesite Plain Map Fragment
Southern Shores Map Fragment
Scadu Altus Map Fragment
Rauh Ruins Map Fragment
Abyssal Woods Map Fragment
Gravesite Plain - The Sacred Tower
Gravesite Plain - Incursion
Shadow Keep - Domain of Dragons
Ancient Ruins of Rauh (1)
Belurat Tower Settlement (5)
Ancient Ruins of Rauh (4)
After defeating the final boss and watching the credits, the game will prompt you to "Begin Journey 2. If you do not start over now, you can choose to begin Journey 2 later at the Table of Lost Grace in Roundtable Hold ."
This is a list of items and discoveries you keep when starting a NG+:
Armaments ( Weapons , Shields )
Magic Spells ( Incantations and Sorceries )
Non-Quest-related Items - Generally, if the item isn't used in a quest or unlock a new area of the game world, it is kept Nearly All Consumables Remembrances are kept, although they won't be available for Duplication until the corresponding Boss is slain Nearly All Tools Bolstering Materials Crafting Materials Arrows and Bolts Spirit Ashes Ashes of War These Key Items : Stonesword Keys Dragon Hearts Lost Ashes of War Celestial Dew Larval Tears
Nearly All Consumables Remembrances are kept, although they won't be available for Duplication until the corresponding Boss is slain
Remembrances are kept, although they won't be available for Duplication until the corresponding Boss is slain
Bolstering Materials
These Key Items : Stonesword Keys Dragon Hearts Lost Ashes of War Celestial Dew Larval Tears
NOTE: Non-Quest-related Items are kept, but for some, additional copies are not found in NG+ if they've already been obtained: Includes these Key Items : Cookbooks Crystal Tears Whetblades Cracked Pots Ritual Pots Hefty Cracked Pots Perfume Bottles Memory Stones Crafting Kit Talisman Pouches Maps Includes these Info Items : Notes Tutorials
Includes these Key Items : Cookbooks Crystal Tears Whetblades Cracked Pots Ritual Pots Hefty Cracked Pots Perfume Bottles Memory Stones Crafting Kit Talisman Pouches Maps
Includes these Info Items : Notes Tutorials
Torrent ( Spectral Steed Whistle )
Maps - The overworld map will remain visible, but Sites of Grace must be rediscovered Location Markers (Blue markers) Custom Markers (Icon-based markers) Finger Reader Crone markers
Location Markers (Blue markers)
Custom Markers (Icon-based markers)
Finger Reader Crone markers
As of Version 1.12, active Effigies of the Martyr (AKA summoning pools) carry over to NG+ Co-op summons still function proper to the level difference barrier, which can be bypassed with a password
Co-op summons still function proper to the level difference barrier, which can be bypassed with a password
Invasions will still take place, from other players within your level range
As of Patch 1.05 , the Twin Maiden Husks shop unlocks from the following Bell Bearings are kept in NG+ (they must be handed in prior to starting your next journey or the item itself is lost): Bone Peddler's Bell Bearing Meat Peddler's Bell Bearing Medicine Peddler's Bell Bearing Gravity Stone Peddler's Bell Bearing Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing Ghost-Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing Herbalist's Bell Bearing Mushroom-Seller's Bell Bearing Greasemonger's Bell Bearing Moldmonger's Bell Bearing Spellmachinist's Bell Bearing String-Seller's Bell Bearing
Bone Peddler's Bell Bearing
Meat Peddler's Bell Bearing
Medicine Peddler's Bell Bearing
Gravity Stone Peddler's Bell Bearing
Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing
Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing
Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing
Ghost-Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing
Herbalist's Bell Bearing
Mushroom-Seller's Bell Bearing
Greasemonger's Bell Bearing
Moldmonger's Bell Bearing
Spellmachinist's Bell Bearing
String-Seller's Bell Bearing
What does NOT carry over to New Game Plus?
This is a list of items and discoveries you don't keep and must obtain again in a NG+:
Quest-related Items - Generally, if the item is used in a quest or unlocks a new area of the game world, it is not kept These Key Items : Those used to unlock new areas: Dectus Medallion Halves Academy Glintstone Key etc... Those used in Side Quests : Irina's Letter Fingerslayer Blade etc... Great Runes Mending Runes ( Endings ) Sorcery Scrolls Incantation Prayerbooks Bell Bearings - Both the item itself, and the unlocks provided after turning them into the Twin Maiden Husks are lost Shop unlocks are kept for the Bell Bearing mentioned previously These Consumables : Baldachin's Blessing Miquella's Needle This Tool : Pureblood Knight's Medal Info Items : All excluding Notes and Tutorials
These Key Items : Those used to unlock new areas: Dectus Medallion Halves Academy Glintstone Key etc... Those used in Side Quests : Irina's Letter Fingerslayer Blade etc... Great Runes Mending Runes ( Endings ) Sorcery Scrolls Incantation Prayerbooks Bell Bearings - Both the item itself, and the unlocks provided after turning them into the Twin Maiden Husks are lost Shop unlocks are kept for the Bell Bearing mentioned previously
Those used to unlock new areas: Dectus Medallion Halves Academy Glintstone Key etc...
Dectus Medallion Halves
Academy Glintstone Key
Those used in Side Quests : Irina's Letter Fingerslayer Blade etc...
Mending Runes ( Endings )
Incantation Prayerbooks
Bell Bearings - Both the item itself, and the unlocks provided after turning them into the Twin Maiden Husks are lost Shop unlocks are kept for the Bell Bearing mentioned previously
Shop unlocks are kept for the Bell Bearing mentioned previously
These Consumables : Baldachin's Blessing Miquella's Needle
Baldachin's Blessing
This Tool : Pureblood Knight's Medal
Pureblood Knight's Medal
Info Items : All excluding Notes and Tutorials
All excluding Notes and Tutorials
Activated Sites of Grace
BUG(?) : Progress towards the Legendary Armaments Achievement - Game fails to award the achievement if it is not completed in a single playthrough A workaround is to place the items into your storage and then simple retrieve them for the achievement
A workaround is to place the items into your storage and then simple retrieve them for the achievement
Three Fingers ' Mark of the Frenzied Flame - Removed from the character, including its cosmetic changes (eye alterations and burn marks)
Dragon Communion physical changes (eye color)
Do these before advancing to New Game Plus:
Back up your save file (just in case)
Hand in the following Bell Bearings to the Twin Maiden Husks : Bone Peddler's Bell Bearing Meat Peddler's Bell Bearing Medicine Peddler's Bell Bearing Gravity Stone Peddler's Bell Bearing Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing Ghost-Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing
Collect as many final Upgrade Materials as possible: Great Grave Glovewort Great Ghost Glovewort Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Great Grave Glovewort
Great Ghost Glovewort
Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone
Farm Runes to buy out the Merchants ' shops
Collect the following unique Key Items : Cookbooks (59) Crystal Tears (32) Whetblades (5)
Find and turn in all Scrolls and Prayerbooks to a trainer to purchase their Spells
Slay dragons to obtain Dragon Hearts (23) and buy their Incantations at the Cathedral of Dragon Communion Only 20 are needed to buy all Incantations
Only 20 are needed to buy all Incantations
Obtain all Larval Tears (18) for future Rebirth
Turn in all Deathroots (9) to the Gurranq Beast Clergyman
Kill any NPCs you want the gear from
Collect Stonesword Keys ; these carry over and can be used in the next playthrough
Trade for any Remembrance Weapons you may wish to dual-wield in the future, as only one copy of each weapon can be obtained per NG cycle
Obtain any weapons you will want to dual-wield in the next playthrough, as for most weapons only one copy can be obtained per NG cycle
Use Walking Mausoleums (7) and Remembrance Duplication Coffins (3) [Sot E only] to duplicate Remembrances
Collect all non-renewable Crafting Materials
Collect the maximum number of these Key Items : Cracked Pots (20) Ritual Pots (10) Perfume Bottles (10) Memory Stones (8) Talisman Pouches (3)
New Game Plus , alternatively known as New Game+ , NG+ , Playthrough , or Journey , is the system used by ELDEN RING (2022) to determine how many times a character has defeated the final boss and started the game again with their old equipment at a higher difficulty.
1 Starting a new Journey
2 Items that carry over 2.1 Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree-exclusive
2.1 Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree-exclusive
3 Items that don't carry over
Upon defeating the final boss you will get the option to "Begin Journey 2" when sitting at the Table of Lost Grace Site of Grace in Roundtable Hold . Selecting this option will prompt you to answer Yes or No as to whether or not you'd like to advance to New Game+.
WARNING: Starting a new Journey resets the game largely to how it was at the beginning of the game, meaning all Bosses and NPCs are respawned and returned to their starting locations. It's NOT possible to return to a previous Journey.
The player character is placed at the beginning of the Chapel of Anticipation again, at their current level and with their current stats.
Note that while any of the below listed items that are placed in the Item Box will still carry over, they aren't accessible until the Item Box can be accessed at a Site of Grace again.
Spectral Steed Whistle and Torrent
Certain Bell Bearings (those not dropped by NPCs ) Note that only those that have been given to the Twin Maiden Husks are kept. Those still in a character's inventory upon starting a new Journey will disappear.
Note that only those that have been given to the Twin Maiden Husks are kept. Those still in a character's inventory upon starting a new Journey will disappear.
Bolstering Materials ( Smithing Stones , Somber Smithing Stones , Ghost Gloveworts , and Grave Gloveworts )
Consumable Items (such as Greases and Throwing Knives)
All containers ( Cracked Pots , Ritual Pots , Perfume Bottles , and Hefty Cracked Pots )
Memory Stones and Talisman Pouches
Revered Spirit Ashes
Eye changes ( Three Fingers , Dragon Heart , Pureblood Knight's Medal )

---

